text
RT @IvankaTrump: It was an honor to meet with you Prime Minister Modi. Thank you for co-hosting the 8th annual Global Entrepreneurship Summ…
RT @statedeptspox: #GES2017 highlights the important role of women #entrepreneurs &amp; demonstrates the importance of #innovation &amp; partnershi…
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well great support. With just a few changes some mathematical the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks plus CNN and not including Fox is the most dishonest corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Back in D.C. big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Since the first day I took office all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election Russia RussiaRussia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime WEAK on the Border Bad for our Military and our great Vets Bad for our 2nd Amendment AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
.@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN but outside of the U.S. CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration who just quit!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or CFPB has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year” like last year but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before and we will. Need the WALL need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club Jupiter to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done but what a mistake in lives and dollars (6 trillion) to be there in the first place!
RT @Scavino45: Today @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS Melania visit the @USCG at the Lake Worth Inlet Station in Riviera Beach Florid…
ObamaCare premiums are going up up up just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct we will Repeal &amp; Replace right after Tax Cuts!
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan Iraq USS Monterey Turkey &amp; Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters Florida.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back highest Stock Market EVER Military getting really strong we will build the WALL V.A. taking care of our Vets great Supreme Court Justice RECORD CUT IN REGS lowest unemployment in 17 years....!
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
RT @IngrahamAngle: “Far right”? You mean “right so far” as in @realDonaldTrump has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high…
RT @Realjmannarino: @realDonaldTrump The ungratefulness is something I’ve never seen before. If you get someone’s son out of prison he sho…
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
...LaVar you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
It wasn’t the White House it wasn’t the State Department it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King but without the hair. Just think..
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will and must build the Wall!
Sen. Jeff Flake(y) who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite President. He’ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast.”
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail LaVar Ball the father of LiAngelo is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform we'll really see some great results!
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2 3 4 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps? .....
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform 227-205. Zero Dems they want to raise taxes much higher but not for our military!
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
....your release possible and HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping President of China.....
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN which I have not done in months and again realized how bad and FAKE it is. Loser!
.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
RT @Scavino45: 20295 miles later #POTUSinAsia has successfully concluded as @POTUS @realDonaldTrump lands on the South Lawn of @WhiteHouse…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.Remember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!A day…
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
After my tour of Asia all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
I am proud of the Rep. House &amp; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} We’re getting close! Now how about ending the unfair &amp; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp; reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
Happy to announce I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea Syria Ukraine terrorism and Russia can greatly help!
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the Phillipines.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo and of course the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!
I don’t blame China I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats and with the economy doing record numbers we will continue to win even bigger than before!
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
.@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today ASAP!
....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class companies and jobs!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia they know exactly what they are doing....
The state of Virginia economy under Democrat rule has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back!
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
RT @IvankaTrump: Touched by the warm hospitality of Prime Minister Abe and the Japanese people. ありがとうございます [Thank you]! Until next time 🇯🇵…
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
The rigged Dem Primary one of the biggest political stories in years got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan SKorea China Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down!
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
...Based on that the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the West Side was "their soldier." .....
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp; Justice Dept.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department and the FBI must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails Uranium Podesta the Server plus plus...
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems..
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program" a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
My thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
We must not allow ISIS to return or enter our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
In NYC looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
RT @IvankaTrump: We're working to make tax cuts &amp; the expanded Child Tax Credit a reality for American families. The time is now! #TaxRefor…
....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
The biggest story yesterday the one that has the Dems in a dither is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young low level volunteer named George who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he...
Sorry but this is years ago before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus?????
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12400000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
..."collusion" which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics but the R's...
...the Uranium to Russia deal the  33000 plus deleted Emails the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia....
Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12000000?)....
As usual the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it) but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
After strict consultation with General Kelly the CIA and other Agencies I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
Diane Black of Tennessee the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman did a GREAT job in passing Budget setting up big Tax Cuts
Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Happy birthday to the great @leegreenwood83. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around and fast. Strong on crime he might even save our great statues/heritage!
RT @IvankaTrump: Working families need #TaxReform &amp; the time is now. This Administration is committed to ensuring all Americans can thrive…
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class business &amp; JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday outside of Flake and Corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded!
"Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." @FoxNews
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Bob Corker who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee is now fighting Tax Cuts....
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country.  No leadership in NFL!
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R!
Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN ABC NBC &amp; CBS?
Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
Subject to the receipt of further information I will be allowing as President the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she as a representative is killing the Democrat Party!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform) which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The Budget passed late last night 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D) who was SECRETLY on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content!
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it Russia the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Uranium deal to Russia with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes but who knows?
"46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp; his Administration." @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this!
.@NFL: Too much talk not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working.
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8 the Stock Market is up more than 25% unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to U.S.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama but now that I am involved he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
RT @mike_pence: .@EdWGillespie is fighting to grow the economy &amp; cut taxes! He’s fighting for a safer VA. And he’s is fighting for affordab…
...approvals of The Keystone XL &amp; Dakota Access pipelines. Also look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp; our great new Supreme Court Justice!
The Failing @nytimes in a story by Peter Baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp; The Paris Accord &amp; the fast....
RT @mike_pence: We are heading to Virginia. Looking forward to supporting my friend @EdWGillespie. He will make a great Governor for the Co…
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
Health Insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
RT @RightlyNews: @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs Trust in the media is at the lowest level in all of U.S. history. The American people see throu…
RT @RightlyNews: @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs It is NOT a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election.
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history."
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime premiums &amp; deductibles are way up!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits under the guise of ObamaCare is over. They have made a fortune.Dems must get smart &amp; deal!
Many people talking with much agreement on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
Hard to believe that the Democrats who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
RT @billoreilly: A free press is vital to protecting all Americans. A corrupt press damages the Republic.
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
...We cannot keep FEMA the Military &amp; the First Responders who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
"Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making." says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and more importantly for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know General John Kelly by saying he will soon be.....
The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool and that's what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author Christopher Bedford just came out with book "The Art of the Donald Lessons from America's...." Really good book!
With Jemele Hill at the mike it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked" in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for U.S.A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem Flag and Country? Change tax law!
A big salute to Jerry Jones owner of the Dallas Cowboys who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
"The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters....."   @nypost  Thank you!
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal &amp; that's about it. We need HealthCare we need Tax Cuts/Reform we need people that can get the job done!
...Hence I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
RT @realDonaldTrump: More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the…
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
...hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry but only one thing will work!
.@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it which is really all that matters! Not #1
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken big premiums. Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp; repetitive material always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign....
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump in the Oval Office w/senior U.S. military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the President &amp; First L…
Ralph Northamwho is running for Governor of Virginiais fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp; sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who I will never forget!
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS &amp; @FLOTUS w/ @LVMPD Officer Cook 2nd day on job received gunshot wound to the right chest &amp; right arm saving live…
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
Wow so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake most showed great warmth and friendship.
RT @seanhannity: Tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in America today. We will name names. 9 est Hannity Fox…
RT @Jenniffer2012: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for all the help you are providing for Puerto Rico. We’re are grateful and happy to welcome y…
It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates...
In analyzing the Alabama Primary raceFAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow and always for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp; support the people in their time of great need.
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
@ricardorossello ......#FakeNews critics are working overtime but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #PRStrong🇵🇷
My Administration Governor @RicardoRossello and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
To the people of Puerto Rico:Do not believe the #FakeNews!#PRStrong🇵🇷
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
The Governor of Puerto Rico Ricardo Rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
RT @USCGSoutheast: .@USCG crews worked together with the @RedCross @fema and members of local #police #fire and #government to distribut…
The military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc. have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan and others in Puerto Rico who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
The Mayor of San Juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
RT @LouDobbs: #AmericaFirst- @KellyannePolls: The Middle Class &amp; businesses will benefit from @POTUS' historic tax revolution. #Dobbs #MAGA…
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President every time we've spoken they've delivered......
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need. #PuertoRico #HurricaneMaria ht…
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump henceFake News @nytimes(apologized) &amp; @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out) we have the HCare Vote but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
70 years ago today the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp; now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA🇺🇸
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz the Mayor of San Juan for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for "Big Luther."
The booing at the NFL football game last night when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange tough on crime &amp; border - will never let you down!
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with. Food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
...It's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed with billions of dollars....
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
Alaska Arizona Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp; Replace and some Senators not there.
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFLor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn!
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare worst in the country. Deductibles high people angry! Lisa M comes through.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Rand Paul or whoever votes against Hcare Bill will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Governor @RicardoRossello- We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me!
RT @Franklin_Graham: Join me in praying for @POTUS. He reminded the world “If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few then evil…
RT @RealEagleBites: @realDonaldTrump It is the height of hypocrisy. Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by thei…
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @Scavino45: "The Iran deal was one of the worst &amp; most one sided transactions the United States has EVER entered into."@POTUS @realDona…
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES."
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
Big day at the United Nations - many good things and some tricky ones happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The travel ban into the United States should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be…
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it. #MAGA
RT @glamourizes: @realDonaldTrump Only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great. He's the only person who can! H…
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51. Can't get votes END NOW!
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people...
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard FEMA etc. A real disaster much work to do!
Does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military? Really!.....
The WALL which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built.
The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but in the end had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
The U.S. Coast Guard FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
Republicans sorry but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years didn't happen! Even worse the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
We will confront ANY challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about - No action!
RT @VP: .@POTUS is committed to the health &amp; well-being of the US people &amp; we are confident Dr. Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeo…
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team which has done and is doing such a good job in Texas is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't I will revisit this issue!
RT @The_Trump_Train: @realDonaldTrump Make no mistake we are going to put the interest of AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST! The forgotten men &amp; w…
I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
The United States is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
I will be meeting General Kelly General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp; coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59% the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
Wow looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
RT @IvankaTrump: We must reform our tax code so that all Americans can succeed in our modern economy &amp; achieve the American Dream! #TaxRefo…
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harveymy heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea and paying them extortion money for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
RT @TheFive: "Trump just won on law &amp; order and now he's delivering the goods." -@jessebwatters #thefive
RT @NWSHouston: Historic flooding is still ongoing across the area. If evacuated please DO NOT return home until authorities indicate it i…
RT @DineshDSouza: Finally as if by accident the @washingtonpost breaks down &amp; admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht…
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp; Canada.Both being very difficultmay have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Wonderful coordination between Federal State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground got there long before #Harvey. So far so good!
RT @realDonaldTrump: At the request of the Governor of Texas I have signed the Disaster Proclamation which unleashes the full force of go…
At the request of the Governor of Texas I have signed the Disaster Proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
Few if any Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed regulations killed border military ISIS SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that after hearing Repeal &amp; Replace for 7 years he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
..(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
...(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well there was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally.....
...(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well their was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally.....
I requested that Mitch M &amp; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority which the Dems would do they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake weak on crime &amp; border!
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
RT @marcorubio: Good #AfghanStrategy &amp; excellent speech by @POTUS laying it out to the nation.
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESM
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona Spain and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp; strong we love you!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate bigotry etc. Shame!
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK neo-Nazis &amp; white supremacists......
RT @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump President Trump alone has succeeded in bringing the Stock Market Small Business Index and Consumer Comfor…
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum I am ending both. Thank you all!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…
RT @Harlan: Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly unambiguously &amp; repeatedly condemned the bigotry &amp; violence in Ch…
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Senator Luther Strange who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime borders etc.
Feels good to be home after seven months but the White House is very special there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
RT @FiIibuster: @realDonaldTrump We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first. Thank you President Tru…
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall the military tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.
RT @SecretService: Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the families friends &amp; colleagues of #Virginia's @VSPPIO Lt Cullen &amp; Tpr Bates #Charlot…
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in Charlottesville Virginia. So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families &amp; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
.@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally.#GES2017 @narendramodi
RT @ProgressPolls: Who is a better President of the United States? #ObamaDay
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with "fire &amp; fury" in a warning to the rogue nation ht…
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
After 200 days rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failurecountries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster N.J.
How much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources) remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
RT @realDonaldTrump: On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 htt…
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN ABC NBC CBS NYTIMES &amp; WAPO the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story record Stock Market border security military strength jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn Iowa Ohio.......
The failing @nytimes which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized) is totally inept!
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C. surging economy &amp; jobsborder &amp; military securityISIS &amp; MS-13 etc.
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Working in Bedminster N.J. as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
RT @RightlyNews: "What's a high priced Clinton attorney doing representing a low level IT staffer for the Democrats?" -@jessebwatters on t…
RT @IvankaTrump: Since @realDonaldTrump inauguration over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the American economy! #MAGA
RT @paultdove: @FoxBusiness Republican Senators who are opposing the President look at the great economic news: Americans Are Noticing!
RT @Bet22325450ste: @FoxBusiness @foxandfriends Come on America. Get on the Trump Train. The winners already have boarded! The losers are w…
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Toyota &amp; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp; very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress the same people that can't even give us HCare!
RT @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump The #MAGA great again movement is WINNING and the left-wing media can't stand it!
I love the White House one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
A great day at the White House!
If ObamaCare is hurting people &amp; it is why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Don't give up Republican Senators the World is watching: Repeal &amp; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option) get Cross State Lines &amp; more.
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters Repeal &amp; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp; Replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority not senseless 60...
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning let ObamaCare implode then deal. Watch!
"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
Come on Republican Senators you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Wow the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "....the most powerful T.V. show in America."
...big dollars ($700000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
After consultation with my Generals and military experts please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans and our country down yesterday. Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up 11 year old Barron Trump!
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp; Replace! I have pen in hand.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation Andrew McCabe got $700000 from H for wife!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia" spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered A.G. looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.reg cuttingStock M jobsborder etc. = TRUE!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion even if should be positive is bad!
It's very sad that Republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their President.
RT @realDonaldTrump: As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold Dem…
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold Democrats and Russians!
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists no ideas or votes only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and after 7 years vote to Repeal and Replace. Next Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci he wanted to endorse me 1st before the Republican Primaries started but didn't think I was running!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp; acid washed) her 33000 e-mails!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia including Podesta Company Uranium deal Russian Reset big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk Va.
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristAl-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Postthis time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks like Comey's must stop!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
With only a very small majority the Republicans in the House &amp; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct no votes!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal terrific &amp; worked really hard. We will return!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Heading back to Washington D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸
I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
The ABC/Washington Post Poll even though almost 40% is not bad at this time was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
Thank you to all of the supporters who far out-numbered the protesters yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp; delete 33000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the#USWomensOpen their most important tournament this afternoon.
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
The W.H. is functioning perfectly focused on HealthCare Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
.@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."
ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed.
Remember when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp; obstruct!
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
RT @foxandfriends: .@carriesheffield: The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public. They've failed to represent ha…
RT @RealJamesWoods: Only now with a #RealPresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by #Obama and the #Democrat cabal.  @realD…
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can&amp; did!
For years even as a "civilian" I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp; Syrian problems are solved!
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER and were rejected still don't....
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp; North Korea.
Law enforcement &amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20Summit
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech!
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
RT @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump When Obama was President the #MSM LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new a…
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
If we can help little #CharlieGard as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with ISIS the border &amp; so much else!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
....the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews and did. We will continue to WIN!
The FAKE &amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember I won....
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
The #AmazonWashingtonPost sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S.
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy the Republican Senators are working hard!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold but what about NBC CBS &amp; ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
Wow CNN had to retract big story on "Russia" with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people &amp; WIN!
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
RT @WhiteHouse: #Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans. It has failed the American…
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke" he colluded or obstructed and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling why no action? Focus on them not T!
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember ObamaCare is dead.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information I have no idea...
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Well the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp; China to help with North Korea it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
RT @SheriffClarke: Happy Father's Day to all dads. My dad. Like father like son @realDonaldTrump supporters to the end. He an Airborne Ra…
Democrat Jon Ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn't even live in district.
RT @joegooding: What's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump it's an assault on the American people…
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
The Dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
RT @DiamondandSilk: The Media Says:  The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia.  Well Why Don't the Media Take Their Own Advice &amp; S…
The new Rasmussen Poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs high business enthusiasm..
RT @seanhannity: #Hannity Starts in 30 minutes with @newtgingrich and my monologue on the Deep State’s allies in the media
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America the economic &amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations &amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
RT @TuckerCarlson: .@RichardGrenell : @realDonaldTrump told Tillerson he had the full support of the U.S. Gov't to bring #OttoWarmbier home…
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS JOBS JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
RT @Corrynmb: @realDonaldTrump Liberals have an agenda and it's not in America's best interest. Keep fighting the good fight! We stand with…
Well as predicted the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders now kicking in!
RT @foxandfriends: "Yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there wasn't any…
The Democrats have no message  not on economics not on taxes  not on jobs not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &amp; energy sector...
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati in the GREAT STATE of OHIO to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.
...extremism and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
Sorry folks but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN NBC ABC CBS washpost or nytimes I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
People the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but I am calling it what we need and what it is a TRAVEL BAN!
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K. we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We need to be smart vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I support President Trump’s desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for America…
RT @Jim_Jordan: President Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty - it would hurt American companies and American wor…
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey John Brennan..." Witch Hunt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  Enjoy!
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved fast and easy. Dems would do it no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media and they don't mention names....
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS JOBS JOBS!
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
...."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field."
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything especially on trade where....
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list of course is terrorism. #G7Taormina
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp; Pope then #G7 and #NATO.
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration there was never a special councel appointed!
I have been asking Director Comey &amp; others from the beginning of my administration to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do facts pertaining....
Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into China once again. This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end?
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Again the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down they will be thanking me!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad!
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster N. J. a beautiful community is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Wowthe Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare!
If victorious Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan &amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
Susan Rice the former National Security Advisor to President Obama is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
President Andrew Jackson who died 16 years before the Civil War started saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
The Democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @charliekirk11: 100 days ago a new message leader &amp; movement took the Oval Office! A government FOR the people BY the people. This is…
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd big energy!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp; its highly respected President when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today. Bad!
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started. We love our VETS!
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
...the Ninth Circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system.
Out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc.
....the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday ABC &amp; NBC while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
Eventually but at a later date so we can get started early Mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall.
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Today on Earth Day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump Jared Kushner &amp; Dina Powell in the Oval Office today w/ Aya &amp; her brother Basel.#W…
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the North Korean problem they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days &amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.) media will kill!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
RT @foxandfriends: NYT editor apologizes for misleading tweet about New England Patriots' visit to the White House (via @FoxFriendsFirst) h…
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff who is running for Congress in Georgia doesn't even live in the district. Republicans get out and vote!
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. @foxandfriends
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp; there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so the U.S. with its allies will! U.S.A.
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border on energy on jobs on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy I need his help on Healthcare &amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help that would be great. If not we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America Israel and around the world. #ChagSameach
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States and the world so well in the Syria attack.
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. "Spied on before nomination." The real story.
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
RT @DanScavino: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump signs executive orders on trade that will set the stage for revival in American manufacturing. #Am…
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team &amp; fast. We must fight them &amp; Dems in 2018!
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry we are in very  good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
...money to Bill the Hillary Russian "reset" praise of Russia by Hillary or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia Russian speech....
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage have saved Planned Parenthood &amp; Ocare!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
A great American Kurt Cochran was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to Germany!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless Germany owes.....
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
RT @DiamondandSilk: When the President says "You're Fired"     That means: "Pack Yo Stuff and Go Not Say "You Refuse to Go!  #DrainTheSwam…
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp; future mtgs!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice you will do much better!
RT @AmericaFirstPol: .@POTUS Trump led a historic journey to the White House. 50 days in that historic journey continues. Take a look 👉 ht…
RT @foxandfriends: "Never give up....that's the worst thing you could do. There's always a chance." -Kyle Coddington's message to those als…
Despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women's Day join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
122 vicious prisoners released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45000 manufacturing &amp; construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
45000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again America!
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriends
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings not by me. Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October just prior to Election!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times and 4 times last year alone.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Nick Adams new book Green Card Warrior is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada Australia! @foxandfriends
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
Since November 8th Election Day the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp; fairly!
The race for DNC Chairman was of course totally "rigged." Bernie's guy like Bernie himself never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Great optimism for future of U.S. business AND JOBS with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp; regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison in his fight to lead the DNC is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne Florida. A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN) is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American People!
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes @CNN @NBCNews and many more)    is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly (306) so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media which makes up stories and "sources" is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp; @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members drug dealers &amp; others are being removed!
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and his representatives at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media and to still hold her head so high is truly wonderful!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program price will come WAY DOWN!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought but I have not gotten involved in the.....
The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!
LAWFARE: "Remarkably in the entire opinion the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!
SEE YOU IN COURT THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis) not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible dangerous and wrong decision.......
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
I don't know Putin have no deals in Russia and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran #1 in terror no problem!
I don't know Putin have no deals in Russia and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran #1in terror no problem!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years and now are making up stories &amp; sources!
Any negative polls are fake news just like the CNN ABC NBC polls in the election. Sorry people want border security and extreme vetting.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!
The opinion of this so-called judge which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp; destruction!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
Professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Yes Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man respected by all.
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
If the ban were announced with a one week notice the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and indeed the world - a horrible mess!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will. DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp; little help on the very weak border must change NOW!
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016) I will send in the Feds!
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
RT @WhiteHouse: "Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America."…
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
January 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington D.C. and giving it back to you the American People. #InaugurationDay
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
the American people. I have no doubt that we will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump the latest in a string..." @WSJ
to the U.S. but had nothing to do with TRUMP is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford G.M. Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...
RT @MoskowitzEva: .@BetsyDeVos has the talent commitment and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise…
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
"thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office) with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line) Crimea Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
For many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation that number..
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk talk talk - no action or results. Sad!
The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up phony facts.Too bad!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
Meryl Streep one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Before I or anyone saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain a longtime U.S. ally is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star
both countries will perhaps work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse a friend. Will go this AM.
Wow the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine DJT. So much for....
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed) will be paid back by Mexico later!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states it is for the people....
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor keep your plan!" It is....
The Democrats lead by head clown Chuck Schumer know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it they..
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media as usual gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
With all that Congress has to work on do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And it is lousy healthcare.
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks they knew and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong it all came together in the last week and.....
@CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Well the New Year begins. We will together MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @IvankaTrump: 2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life. I wish you peace joy love and laughter. Happy New…
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S. but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7 THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation unlike most foundations never paid fees rent salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together talk and have a good time. So sad!
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad but we will get it done anyway!
.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  Dishonest!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S. and all countries fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs I swear we will......
As to the U.N. things will be different after Jan. 20th.
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration but look what they did for Hillary NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35 I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually we will always be trying to DTS.
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election if that is possible if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes it is true - Carlos Slim the great businessman from Mexico called me about getting together for a meeting. We met HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people even with an unlimited budget out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
"@mike_pence: Congratulations to @RealDonaldTrump; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!"
"@Franklin_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect @realDonaldTrump--the electoral votes are in and it's official." Thank you Franklin!
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Mobile Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected see you there!
Well we all did it together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
If Russia or some other entity was hacking why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House as it pertains to my business so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down big trouble dead! Graydon Carter no talent will be out!
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world Rex Tillerson Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy of the Great State of Louisiana for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience and congrats to Army!
RT @TrumpInaugural: Counting down the days until the swearing in of @realDonaldTrump &amp; @mike_pence. Check in here for the latest updates. #…
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency even part time are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
.@RudyGiuliani one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C. just took himself out of consideration for "State".
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50000 new jobs....
If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly I don't know if that will ever happen!
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump" the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
wanting to sell their product cars A.C. units etc. back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult but.....
fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another country
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
"@TigerWoods: Can’t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. –TW #heroworldchallenge" Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
Hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law I feel it is visually important as President  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said "We have to accept the results and look to the future Donald --
of position." Then separately she stated "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems
I am working hard even on Thanksgiving trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton which I hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford Chairman of Ford who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia U.K. China Saudi Arabia Japan
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS gave us the win!
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT GREAT GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win win win!
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting. Very unfair!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
RT @IvankaTrump: Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! #Election2…
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile if that were me it would have been front page news!
Wow now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow Twitter Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
"@DeplorableCBTP: "In my mind #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess." - #PhilRobertson of TV's #DuckDynasty"   Thank you Phil!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts"
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!#ObamacareFailed
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous I WON! Thank you these are very exciting times.
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Moderator: “Respectfully you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
"@THEREALMOGUL: 41% of American voters believe the  election could be "stolen" from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico"
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies and got caught
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP
Finally in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago) must start focusing on the budget military vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan always fighting the Republican nominee!
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Election is being rigged by the media in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign by putting stories that never happened into news!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore they just write whatever they want to write making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country.
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave he won) then dropped me over locker room remarks!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll) it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
We agree @POTUS-"SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
RT @TeamTrump: It's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump: N…
RT @JasonMillerinDC: Is @realDonaldTrump debating Crooked @HillaryClinton or the moderators @AC360 and @MarthaRaddatz? #rattledhillary
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse
"@HenryLeledog: @realDonaldTrump This Black Democrat is on the "TRUMP TRAIN"!!"
"@CharleneOsbor17: @realDonaldTrump politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House."
"@eericmyers: @realDonaldTrump  "Republican leadership" should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for Donald J. Trump."
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
"@kevcirilli: Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee"
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful.
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway more states coming up in the next week: OH ME AZ IN — check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy' 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
"@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious @FoxNews"  So true!
"@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies we are ready to see America Great Again!
RT @TeamTrump: We need STRONG BROAD-SHOULDERED leadership like @mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump in the White House! #VPDebate #BigLeagueTrut…
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate "Police officers are the best of us..."@Mike_Pence
RT @TeamTrump: “Police officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD." - @mike_pence #VPDebate #BigLeagu…
"@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
"@Jnelson52722: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies"
"@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi"
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States in Israel and around the world.
"@trumplican2016: .@realDonaldTrump  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you  Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes
Wow just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning at least you know I will be there awake to answer the call!
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources the sources don't exist.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon who could expect any more?
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
RT @TeamTrump: "She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance she’d put the Oval Office up for sale too." #Fo…
Every on-line poll Time Magazine Drudge etc. has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Well now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum but last night the big debate. Nice!
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Wow did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight
This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk no action. #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer the "King" has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade a lot!
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida now. Enjoy!
"@AngPiazza: @foxandfriends  @realDonaldTrump he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!"
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
I would like to express my warmest regards best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now) but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes pretends she knows me well--wrong!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
I am now going to the brand new Trump International Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
"@brimyers813: Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success."
Just got back from Asheville  North Carolina where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA
The seriously failing @nytimes despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest hits!
RT @BarackObama: RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans not one who writes off nearly half the country.
Wow Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman Phyllis S!
Just returned from Pensacola Florida where the crowd was incredible.
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
With Luis Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
As a tribute to the late great Phyllis Schlafly I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly who honored me with her strong endorsement for president has passed away at 92. She was very special!
"@CherNuna: @realDonaldTrump It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this then it's that.
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years high crime poor schools no jobs. I will fix it VOTE "T"
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona where I just had a massive rally (amazing people) has a very weak and ineffective Senator Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders not weak people such as @JeffFlake if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
Wow the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
RT @LouDobbs: We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First! @realDonaldTrump…
RT @AnnCoulter: I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase but Trump's immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox who is railing against my visit to Mexico today also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto of Mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities they want TRUMP!
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds looking for a larger venue.
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice equality and opportunity.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down: I will fix it promise
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy boring!
Some day when things calm down I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess!
"@Brainykid2010: @shl @realDonaldTrump The ad was actually very good!"
"@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K"
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
"@EyeCandyTMGayle: @realDonaldTrump please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful"  Good!
"@J58golf: @realDonaldTrump been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!"
"@CatOnGlass: 200000 new followers for @realDonaldTrump. From 10800000 to 11000000 All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments by Twitter pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade jobs military vets 2nd A repeal Ocare borders etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing @nytimes which never spoke to me keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False I am who I am-never said
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
"@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U" Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County Arkansas. #LESM
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed like Libya open borders and maybe her emails?
RT @NRA: But there IS something we will do on #ElectionDay: Show up and vote for the #2A! #DefendtheSecond #NeverHillary
RT @Carl_C_Icahn: 2/2  How many of our presidents even our great presidents would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium…
I am running against the Washington insiders just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Michael Morell the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A. and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea nuclear "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Crooked Hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva Switzerland not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS rise of Iran and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
Our incompetent Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to Iran. Scandal!
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
This story is not about Mr. Khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow it is unbelievable how distorted one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!
"@RealJamesWoods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope."
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war not me!
Captain Khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Violent crime is rising across the United States yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
As usual Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." ReallyI just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary
"Little" Michael Bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
"@trumplican2016: @realDonaldTrump @DavidWohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE"
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair.
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President Joe Biden just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
As I have been saying Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
For the record I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny if you listen to @FoxNews the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two they are fawning. What a difference
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders after seeing the just released e-mails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same.
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails using even religion against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails which should never have been written (stupid) because Putin likes me
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good but for the final night my speech great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie) media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Sorry folks but Bernie Sanders is exhausted just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not their BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Bernie Sanders started off strong but with the selection of Kaine for V.P. is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is and always has been owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced including the incredible stage &amp; set in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
Wow Ted Cruz got booed off the stage didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Watching the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
"@RoxaneTancredi:  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people."
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife Melania. Place looks beautiful!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Crooked Hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice France I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS JOBS JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with NAFTA.
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph Michigan.
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center Airport - and destroyed City
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch her time will come!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8 she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual bad judgment.
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star or plain star!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away no pictures."
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"
On Saturday a great man Elie Wiesel passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd and the entire show is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
For reasons only they can explain the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China and many others are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
"@kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube"
"@bluedogdemky: @CWAUnion @iowa_trump @RichardTrumka @AFLCIO This is why I would think the unions would support @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS"
"@arnold_ziffel: @AnnCoulter also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as @realDonaldTrump was speaking. #UPUPUP"
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong) watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate goofy Elizabeth Warren who lied on heritage.
The "dirty" poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
George Will one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago) has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
So funny Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
"@DarrenWaggener: @realDonaldTrump What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT and what is going on in Great Britain with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son Eric on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency."  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
"@chrisboydbrew: @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions great answers" Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt will fix U.S.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asSecretary of State costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
When I said that if within the Orlando club you had some people with guns I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today all over the great State of Texas!
"@VoteTrumpMAGA: The media attack on @realDonaldTrump is relentless. They are desperate. But they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing.
RT @AnnCoulter: Trump's speech today was Churchillian only better.  You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about @realDonaldTrump.
I will be meeting with the NRA who has endorsed me about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list or the no fly list to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions Pittsburgh @Penguins!
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words and @CNN and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism I don't want congrats I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough smart &amp; vigilant?
The great boxing promoter Don King just endorsed me. Nice!
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren one of the least productive U.S. Senators has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will win!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters because of trade will come to me.
"@mabynshingleton: JohnKasich the VOTERS have spoken.We want @realDonaldTrump. You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave @GOP"
"@Dale_Dangler: @realDonaldTrump You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen"  Thanks.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents she had one!
"@lovusa4: @RichardWeaving Why @foxandfriends @NewDay WHERE IS THE REPORTING @realDonaldTrump &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA"
"@mariadaq:  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt record unemployment &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!"
"@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you"
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
In just out book Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1 so too should our country. We can be great!
The Clinton News Network sometimes referred to as @CNN is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside small group of thugs burned Am flag!
"@LiliannyLeebou: I think the first female president of the USA will be @IvankaTrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!"
Then on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After @TrumpScotland I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen the oil capital of Europe to see my great club @TrumpScotland.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort the worlds best.
"@RobertMordica: @realDonaldTrump Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time." THANK YOU!
"@Valenti317: @realDonaldTrump she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her."
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?) so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
So I raised/gave $5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Katie Couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5600000 that I raised/gave!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge Gonzalo Curiel who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego) who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent instead of sixteen. Broke record
"@FrankyLamouche: how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."
The endorsement of me by the 16500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you) the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser but if the GOP can't control their own then they are not a party. Be tough R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes but when I won the GOP nomination I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73 Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Washington! Honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful but outside criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk no action!
"@oasisupernova: @realDonaldTrump UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain 🚂 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American is a lowlife!
I just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly with all of the money I have raised for the vets I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
"@dubilujane: I trust @realDonaldTrump more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A without a  doubt.
"@RBacliff: Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on #TrumpTrain &amp; join @NRA to stop her."
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day the TSA is falling apart just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."
Thanks @piersmorgan! "Trump is the most unpredictable extraordinary entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Look where the world is today a total mess and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast Hillary has no chance!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
"@MagicMetalNinja:  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST."
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
"@LouDobbs: Hillary Just Handed @realDonaldTrump a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Michael Barbaro the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
Well that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!
"@mai_Ttag:  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change never forget you are our messenger!"
"@johnjohnlacca: Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents
"@Janik1968: @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts"
"@FrankDallasAgg: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!"
"@curtandkaren: Kudos to @megynkelly and @realDonaldTrump for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 👍"
"@wesleyfelixpsi: @realDonaldTrump speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all. @FoxNews @megynkelly
"@manakoa:DonaldTrump you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! Respect to both"
"@ragdollive: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!" Not really soft at all!
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky she should drop out of race. System rigged!
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so he should runnot her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China NOT WOMEN!
"In politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes Michael Barbaro who was interviewed on CBS this morning was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for @cnn which I no longer watch said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
Wow Rowanne Brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie run.
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
"@TakingIt_Back:  @nytimes keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! #Trump2016" Thanks.
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
"@MrTohNey: Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory both were written off but they keep scaling the heights. History?
"@QueenCharlotteO: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes I'm a women &amp; I 100% support @realDonaldTrump &amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie how is she going to take on China Russia ISIS and all of the others?
.@thehill  Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been she would lose!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together we will beat the Dems at all levels!
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum
Why does the media with a strong push from Crooked Hillary keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
. #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
"@daybastrop @foxandfriends @BretBaier The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support @realDonaldTrump IS the reason they are losers
"@RichBooth6: @realDonaldTrump @CNN good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight." Thank you.
Wow I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
"@mathewjmari: On @FaceTheNation #MattSchlapp was on the ball &amp; #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. @realDonaldTrump will EXPAND #GOP
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS and China on trade and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@matandsher: I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't. @realDonaldTrump will give his all for us!
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S. and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special the Republican Party. Wrong I didn't inherit it I won it with millions of voters!
"@Ausbiz:  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain"
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them &amp; run as an Independent.
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
Thank you Indiana we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will and must win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually she has done poorly with such men!
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support?
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Crooked Hillary Clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
I will be in Evansville Indiana with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach Bobby Knight has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: An Honor to be in #Indiana w @realDonaldTrump @greta &amp; the legend Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! htt…
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them and run as an Independent!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Wow just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
"@DiamondandSilk: .@DonaldJTrumpJr awesome job on @CNNSotu. DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call "Delegate Bribery"
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife Melania and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
"@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
"@TimeHasCome1: @WayneDupreeShow @ThePatriot143 Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle"
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
"@becker_berta: @vivhall3 @Reince Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people."
"@metalmom888:  @Theresa_Cali If the GOP screws Trump his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard"
"@AnnCoulter: GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
"@governor_savage: @realDonaldTrump is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else me still must fight
"@DnGLax:  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016 🇺🇸"
"@redneckgp: All you haters out there STOP trashing the only candidate @realDonaldTrump that will put ALL OF YOU &amp; AMERICA FIRST  #trump"
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox
"@R_U_OK_UK: @realDonaldTrump @glozee1 @PaulManafort @CNN @DanScavino Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - #WakeUpAmerica
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife Melania will join me for the entire show.
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster &amp; all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
"@GOPjenna: "I don't care about the game I care about the PEOPLE." And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016"
"@Wheels155:@CNN is reviewing the weekbut majority of the show about @realDonaldTrump cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if I win all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
For the 1st time in American history America’s 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growthwhich asked me for $1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
"@Gearssuxs: @loudobbsnews @realDonaldTrump I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary."  Great!
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
How come the @TODAYshow &amp; @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb Rand Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries no way he would ever endorse me!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
The United States cannot continue to make such bad one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now finally receiving plaudits!
Wow sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
Remember I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
Top suspect in Paris massacre Salah Abdeslam who also knew of the Brussels attack is no longer talking. Weak leaders ridiculous laws!
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Explain how the women on The View which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
It is amazing how often I am right only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration take the oil build the wall Muslims NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
"@missi51: .@realDonaldTrump thank God is not a politician but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us the people."
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
"@Kj11100Me: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for moralityChristianity.
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Incompetent Hillary despite the horrible attack in Brussels today wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful Lyin' Ted or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS under a serious emergency belongs!
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped and I will stop it.
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
"@BarronG510: @realDonaldTrump The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you."
So the highly overrated anchor @megynkelly is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES  are never blamed by media? SAD!
"@GStephanopoulos: What’s @realDonaldTrump's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I’ll talk to the Republican front-runner. @ThisWeekABC."
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@AshleyEdam: It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump
"@grammy620: 1st time I heard #Trump I said "wow". I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
"@cmichaeld2004: Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee what happened to that 30% ceiling
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
RT @MarkHalperin: Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of @realDonaldTrump. Says @DonaldJTrumpJr played a big role
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney the man who "choked" and let us all down is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won according to Drudge etc. all 11 of them!
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me!
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Stuart Stevens the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida Rick Scott for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
"@DumpFoxNews: @FoxNews @megynkelly  If media wasn't so biased against Trump he would've won all of the delegates.
"@jsconlon11:  @BertShad @Foxnews @megynkelly I tried to give them a shot tonight but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team."
"@gregens21:  @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says."
"@BertShad: Was going to watch @Foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like #CNN tonight"
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S. and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
RT @EricTrump: Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to b…
Just in big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Don't reward Mitt Romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA open borders etc.).
Please remember I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA a disaster for Ohio and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
"@realwwshelton: @loudobbsnews I believe that @realDonaldTrump will be the big winner tomorrow."  Thank you!
"@BrazielCarol: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Who started this mess the protesters of course . And media made it worse."
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television he only watches the @GolfChannel
Wow Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania not enough signatures. Big problem!
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet…
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words education of your children from D.C. No way
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco his State Chairman &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
The organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
RT @RealBenCarson: I endorse @realDonaldTrump. It’s time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government …
RT @RealBenCarson: Many people fight for change in DC. @realDonaldTrump is a leader with an outsider’s perspective &amp; the vision guts &amp; ene…
RT @CLewandowski_: The Scrum: Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields Incident  Breitbart htt…
"@adriparsonss: @The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump #Donald Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him!" Thank you!
The negative television commercials about me paid for by the politicians bosses are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch remember!
Remember I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
Cruz came to Mississippi there was nobody there he left the state. I had a rally in Madison MS with 10000! Thank you!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT who could not stop Obama (twice) ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS the bandits that tell your pols what to do
"@ChadRowland3:  @jdickerson @FaceTheNation A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. #TrumpTrain"
Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan the wife of a truly great President was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks of the New York Times is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states great!
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory Phil Bubba Adam and Dustin all at the top!
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Thank you Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now be there soon!
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
To the people of Kentucky Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign I am not bought and paid for!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
"@AngieSteinberg: GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT @marykissel OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! @Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016
Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
"@CreativeXwalk: @realDonaldTrump teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again."
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who as a Senator never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romneywho ran one of the worst races in presidential historyis working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
"@malski1954: I changed parties to vote for you no one else measures up to you The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake"
"@Johnsmi01433966: The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
Because of me the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters a record. If they are not careful they will all leave. Sad!
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
"@HavBat22: @TeamCavuto #KenLangone is 100% correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM." So true!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger stronger party!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
"@JoeNBC: FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio who needed to win the state.
"@danpfeiffer: For the record most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump"  So true!
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk no action pol!
Little Marco Rubio the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil) word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio the lightweight from Florida
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
"@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump There's only one real candidate and it's you! Donors control the other candidates! #VoteTrump" Thank you.
"@JerryJrFalwell: A majority of evangelicals believe @realDonaldTrump is best equipped to save the country. #Greta"
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is he is a choker and once a choker always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus plus!
"@MJP1370: @realDonaldTrump Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !"
"@donell27743094: @realDonaldTrump trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said "peed" - is he still in junior high school."
"@tdltdltdltdl:  Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate panicked DC insiders tonight"
"@restorereality: Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides stayed composed returned fire and WON!
"@morg25016893:  @eventbrite Also all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits just petty. Trump clearly the only one w/all the skills."
FMR PRES of Mexico Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Mitt Romney who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
"@classyexplorer:  @ahernandez85a Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!"
"@GriceCindy: That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!"
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear I will get most of his votes - no problem!
"@Ward_II: Oh great @MittRomney is doing a @SenatorReid on @realDonaldTrump like losing the presidency wasn't enough #Trump2016" He's a fool
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out I will pick up more.  Sad but true
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
RT @EricTrump: Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight! #NVcaucus …
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Unlike the other Republican candidates I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
"@StevenMeyers11: @Vogelsong1 @EdRollins @FoxNews Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right"
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
"@Vogelsong1: @EdRollins gets it. Was just on @FoxNews explaining how Trump wins the general election."  Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Wow Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
I hear the Rickets family who own the Chicago Cubs are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful they have a lot to hide!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas at the best hotel (by far) Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
RT @BretEastonEllis: Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never…
The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
"@CarrollKuykend2: This veteran just voted @realDonaldTrump in the SC primary let's make America great again!"
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today) and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
"@Carolyn82471448: @WayneDupreeShow @realDonaldTrump All aboard the Trump Train!"
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
"@rwalkerTennesse: #SouthCarolina If you want a job next January @Vote_For_Trump today. @realDonaldTrump will work for the people."
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
Remember Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law in its entirety &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare including the mandate period.
"@KathyTravels777:  ĺ @andersoncooper Tonight on CNN @realDonaldTrump was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people"
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll where I lead by big numbers shows that in a head to head matchup I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
.@lindseygraham who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
"@ChJLuc91: @YomasterJon @RichardTBurnett  Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump CANT be #POTUS! #Trump2016"
"@Good2bqueen67:  @brithume @megynkelly They're too lame to get it Sir. When you win the election they'll get it."
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big Cruz Rubio and Bush down. The debate results even with a stacked RNC audience were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
I'd like to call JEB a liar but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Ted Cruz along with Jeb Bush pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice but didn't!
Wow in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night and almost everyone said I won but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
Even though every poll Time Drudge etc. has me winning the debate by a lot @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
"@jeffpaine:  @realDonaldTrump you crushed the debate! Thank you!
How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
"@ThtsWhtKelSaid: I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card &amp; take back our country
"@nellalda: @DonaldJTrump45 @realDonaldTrump @Reince They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!"
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue head of The Catholic League for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight
The RNC which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
"@by @tedcruz good I want to see the court decide what I was always told "natural born" means - born on American soil"
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution which naturally they did not get.
The failing @NYDailyNews destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
Lying Cruz put out a statement “Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
"@truthinvest: @CNN @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask @RealBenCarson"
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
Remember it was the Republican Party with the help of Conservatives that made so many promises to their base BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word left an open blank. Please apologize!
There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money no cred!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
"@MarkHalperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire I love you! Now off to South Carolina.
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush who has gone nasty with lies is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
"@piersmorgan: Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. #GOPDebate
"@newtgingrich: Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making"
"@JoeNBC: Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South."
"@Enlighten2881: @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?"
"@billrey16929057: @seanhannity #Hannity @realDonaldTrump is the only hope to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN"
"@ukcatwoman52: @ericnlin @AC360 all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying."
"@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! #VoteTrump" Thanks!
.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
"@stephbewitching @realDonaldTrump All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!"
"@restorereality  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! #TrumpTrain"
"@LoreWestphal @realDonaldTrump You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!"
.@Morning_Joe  @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
RT @IngrahamAngle: The #CruzCrew prevailed! Smart for @MarcoRubio to keep his speech short &amp; sweet. Ditto for @realDonaldTrump who was brie…
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign the only one. I will keep doing but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
If I would have done the last debate a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also VETS got $6000000.
By not doing the failed poorly rated debate I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6000000 for VETS.
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
"@classyexplorer: @oreillyfactor @DRUDGE So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?"
.@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6000000 for our VETS!
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6000000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record.
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6000000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
Thank you for the kind words tonight @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6000000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
Watching biased Charles @krauthammer a @FoxNews flunky who didn't know that I won every debate in particular- the last one. Check polls!
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
"@Rick_Gobbi: @realDonaldTrump ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is."  GREAT IDEA!
"@Plazzmatic: @realDonaldTrump @danpgabriel Sounds like the advertisers want Trump he knows what he is doing.
"@dukeofbc:  @megynkelly debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA not Canada"
"@Davejager1: @creta_r 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS."
"@splashpoint50: @realDonaldTrump Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!"
On Greta 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate more so than lightweight reporter @megynkelly.
Even though I beat him in the first six debates especially the last one Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me!
Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
"@puttster71: @bobvanderplaats The next president isn't on ur stage. @realDonaldTrump is the next president."
"@JackBurtonReflx:  @jdenino1 @DavidWohl @ss I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View."
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
"@realDonaldTrump &amp; @HillaryClinton leading POLLS w/ one week until #IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on @FoxBusiness 7PM"
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
RT @GeraldoRivera: #NewYork tromps #Jonas. Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Mu…
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada or get out of race
"@Tuggers56: @PMgeezer Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him  DonaldTrump
"@M0ther0f2kids: @meetthepress @NBCNews @clewandowski Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD"
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!
I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!
"@deacon6375: @realDonaldTrump i honestly believe you are the only one who can make #AmericaGreatAgain.
"@CarolBurnett3:  @AnnCoulter I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you"
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
I will be on FOX with the great @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016
Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County Iowa where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
Cruz says I supported TARP which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
.@BrentBozell one of the National Review lightweights came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS the Chinese or with Putin.
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
"@Lisa_Milicaj: Truth be told I  never heard of The National Review until they "tried" to declare war on you. No worries you got my vote!"
After spending $89 million @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy!
The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump No sleep for the #TrumpTrain!"
"@realOllieTaylor:  Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!"
The late great William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize but not how to lead.
Happy birthday to my friend the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
"@AmericanAsPie:  @glennbeck @SarahPalinUSA Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!"
Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing crying lost soul!
RT @SarahPalinUSA: Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned despite what the media is try's no... htt…
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower” said Ralph Reed the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
Wow the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
.@TheBrodyFile great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S. rather Airbus!
When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York and all they have been thru should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian" did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Oh no just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan this one from Citi. Wow no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember his wife's employer and his lender is located there!
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008 not Obama!
Jeb Bush who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Why does @CNN &amp; @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
Sadly there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
The #SOTU speech is really boring slow lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
On my way to Cedar Falls Iowa now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBC
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson
.@megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way who the hell wants to woo her!
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive highly unethical!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
Remember get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
In the just out @FoxNews Poll I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I'm protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Hank Greenberg formerly of AIG gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy a total waste of money!
The @TheView @ABC once great when headed by @BarbaraJWalters is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid how desperate!
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
"@becker_berta: @longtalltexan20 Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do attacked the media for all their lies"
"@CompresPhyllis:  @seanhannity @FoxNews I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best"
"@Kacee50: @realDonaldTrump Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!"
"@Boazziz: . @DanScavino Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric the crowd unstoppable &amp; @realDonaldTrump Kingly."
"@Lucky5713 @NewDay What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!"
"@samuelghaddad: Wow! Let's hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize @realDonaldTrump is the real deal!
"@thecybermenace: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell MA tonight"
The rally in Lowell Massachusetts was amazing. 10000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson owner of the NYJets is @JebBush’s finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me he would’ve been in the playoffs at least!
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
.@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
"@Granite_Hope: @brandonstinney How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made #ISIS a big problem"
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Remember I am self-funding my campaign the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
.@JebBush is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is by far me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
"@JodiL792: We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake &amp; sleep praying for you &amp; the USA!+Israel2"
Well the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
"@jallenaip: Hillary said she was in a "Fog of War" as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!"
I will be on @FoxNews live  with members of my family at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that The State Department on NEW YEAR'S EVE just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
People ask "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls?" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
"@Luciano031982: @realDonaldTrump Veterans Love Trump" But I love the VETS even more!
.@JebBush has spent  $63000000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt
I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper which has been run into the ground by publisher "Stinky" Joe McQuaid will be dead in 2 years!
I'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser and my comments haven't helped him much.
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
"@videosigninc: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again !" Thanks
.@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads lunches donations speeches from me and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire who I love are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!
"@IJNIPGM: No casualties. Just victory victory and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. We love God and USA"
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone shipped to other countries. We now are part time sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband with his terrible record of women abuse while playing the women's card on me she's wrong!
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
It begins Republican Party of Virginia controlled by the RNC is working hard to disallow independent unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
"@mitchellvii: My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy."
"@mitchellvii: Face it Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi. He allowed it to drag out and in the end let Hillary get away with murder.
"@greta: If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the # of uninsured is still largeObamacare is a failure since so expensive
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
The Phoenix V.A. it has just been reported is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous and people are dying. I will fix it
The same people that said I wouldn't run or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%) now say I won't beat Hillary.
.@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
"@deedeegop: Thank u Mr. Trump I look forward to when u are elected next President of the United States #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. So nice!
When will the Democrats and Hillary in particular say "we must build a wall a great wall and Mexico is going to pay for it?" Never!
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop I will fix this quickly!
Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now because of me starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
.@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!
"@YesMrGilbert: @NBCNightlyNews @HallieJackson should have talked to Megyn Kelly about this story"  True a total distortion of the facts!
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39% 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
Wow because of the pressure put on by me ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Wow even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3% I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me Jeb is speaking to me during the debate but doesn't allow my answer which destroys him - SO SAD!
"@classyexplorer: @gatewaypundit Jim you fail to mention in your CNN POLL that in the GOP RACE...Trump is leading Cruz 39 to 18...Big Detail
Hillary said "I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
The @washingtonpost which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
Wow new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged" bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
NPR's @NealConan said "schlonged" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #Hypocrisy
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
"@schoremis1:  @JebBush The Donald should've been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls news talk shows &amp; social media. MAGA!"
.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around incoherent.
Why doesn't @JebBush in his ads show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will @JebBush in his phony advertising campaign show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
"@msully65:  Tell this knitwit @SpeakerRyan the ppl want @realDonaldTrump not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40%"
"@drdoucette: #MissUniverse DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner he would rather be where he is now 2%. That is the talk of a loser can't win!
My friend @AriEmanuel of @IMG bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
"@DomineekSmith: @realDonaldTrump is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time."  Thank you.
"@twister2445: @realDonaldTrump all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. #tryme!!"
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
See Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate hurting himself and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
"@SteelerDan619: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the man!!"
"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The only person in politics who shouldn’t have term limits is President Trump!"  Cute!
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money he is their puppet and buy ad's.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate and more!
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
"@insuradude: The fix is in Donald did his best performance and @MarkHalperin @Morning_Joe has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain"  Joke
"@ConradMBlack: Many thanks Donald and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C."
"@SurfPHX: Geez Mr. Trump they are coming for you even before the REAL debate. @wolfblitzer asks all negative Trump questions! #Trump"
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I am in Trump International Hotel Las Vegas getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.@megynkelly the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
"@piersmorgan: Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history."
@oreillyfactor horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary!
Why doesn't @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
"@trumpisawinner: .You're the real deal. For my money tedcruz just doesn't cut the mustard. Go Trump! #DonaldTrump #THEDonald"
"@JPMORGAN2016: TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE"
"@1rdgreenberg:  @FoxNews That's why after your interview I couldn't watch the panel discussion which is usually my favorite segment."
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back get caught and then deny it. Well welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
"@schnoepoe: @foxnews I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding @realDonaldTrump" The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry home of The Duel In The Sun will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
"@Yoel_NY: @realDonaldTrump @Peggynoonannyc  As a democrat I have to say since Hillary is the front-runner I will choose Trump."
"@rosemarylowe105: @ShahKourosh @SpacemanChris @realDonaldTrump That is why we don't need a politician to be the next president."
"@StraightHand: @realDonaldTrump I'd pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary"  Get ready!
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
"@Michael2014abc: @Alwaleed_Talal @realDonaldTrump Has your country Saudi Arabia taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not why not?"
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it Karl is a loser
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
"@JenniferJJacobs: Trump: "Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way we’re going to be saying Merry Christmas again." Iowa crowd LOVES it."
"@JenniferJJacobs: Iowa's RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy.
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out waste of time
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory great people! Thank you.
"@FoxNews: @FrankLuntz: Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate but lead is real
"@edwards_cristy: @realDonaldTrump I hope that you will be the next POTUS."
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Wow my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
"@QuinnLisaq:  @CNN @donlemon . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way"
"@Ajdx4Sdesq: @CNN @donlemon @realDonaldTrump this is the best interview so far. Honest well reasoned and without all the name calling.
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
.@secupp who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch zero talent! @CNN
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00 I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
"@mysteriousLoser: @realDonaldTrump did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance" Yes he is a crude dope!
"@ray_aub:  @nytimes @CNN People forget the policies of leaders like @JebBush allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate drive &amp; pilot planes"
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman sad!
Wow what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
Prior to the end of the year I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin13 points going up big!
Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%  but @WSJ reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end I believe the final results will be even better than that!
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!
"@BornToBeGOP @DanScavino  Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!"
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
The @washingtonpost which loses a fortune is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company @amazon.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets the homeless and crime! Disgrace
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
"@JFK4701: @realDonaldTrump he is reading off the TelePrompTer."  But that is O.K. in this case.
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good but the words will be the key.
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
"@mollymaguires61: @politichick_ @nytpolitics @FoxNews @rupertmurdoch @GOP in bed together &amp; hate Trump.  Win it for the USA &amp; the 21st Cent
So how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama &amp; the e-mails!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
.@KatyTurNBC &amp; @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016
@Maddow you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
"@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you." Two truly fantastic women!
"@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you."
"@PattyDs50:  @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!"
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didn’t they report?
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career Cheri Jacobus is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
"@TomNocera: @realDonaldTrump Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine."  Great!
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
"@robstanley79: @realDonaldTrump Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration." Nice!
"@2timeslucky:  @DLake66675 @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 The more frightening the world is  the more safe we feel with  President Trump"
"@PatrickAnna: @realDonaldTrump You can definitely thank God for you health stamina strength and all the good things in your life!" True!
I consider my health stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
"@theratzpack: @PattonDivision if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans.
Heading to Manassas Virginia for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
"@TRUMPHIANT2016: This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.  #TeamTrump"
"@DrRPSmall:  Amen Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravosir! Your friend and supporter #DocinMich.
"@iceblink62: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency and the American people!" True!
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@TrussElise: #Trump I will NOT vote for Cruz or #GOP. My vote is pledged to @realDonaldTrump &amp;my grandchildren. Pray for the USA.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record almost all polls showed I won all debates.
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
The Republican establishment out of self preservation is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ which is deeply troubled when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow the MSM is really going after me. 12000 in Sarasota a love fest hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
"@BeckyOmz: @JuvenIle  @thehill We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!"
"@Barber2012Jeff: @realDonaldTrump John Kasich-it didn't work I'm still voting for #Trump" John has done so poorly in the debates he's done!
"@Dmsrcmc12Bob: @realDonaldTrump They should all get on the Trump train!"  So true!
After my meeting with the pastors it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there a beautiful movement!
"@Allibiis: @realDonaldTrump @ArtPar17 @CNN story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field."
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
The Sarasota Florida rally today was amazing. 12000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen this is a MOVEMENT!
"@buckleybro40:  @RichLowry @maggieNYT @TheFix @pbump @realDonaldTrump so great in Sarasota FL! #TurntTrump We're following T all the way!"
"@Jameslauer6: @David360NC @azblonde2015 NOW'S THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE &amp; 4 ALL. TRUMP"
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
"@tweetybird2009: @GulfWarVet123 That's why @realDonaldTrump's THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY #Establishment #Media #PUNDITS. #TheyRMad
"@MargaretCrowth1: @realDonaldTrump Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016"
"@reallyo1: @realDonaldTrump @MarkSimoneNY Don't let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate"
"@MargaretCrowth1: @realDonaldTrump So like the media to make something out of nothing. Don't let them sidetrack from the message."
"@DeusVultGeorgia: @MingBlueTeaCup @RickCanton @_Holly_Renee @realDonaldTrump should the reporter's dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?"
"@MarkSimoneNY: Great twitter quote about Donald Trump: "Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media
"@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump If you combine the business models for both Macy's &amp; the NY Times both are on a rapid decline such a pity."
The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles today2!
I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
"@PrisonPlanet: .@realDonaldTrump gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended  media."
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal especially advertising revenue that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
So since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
"@Keeping__Real: So good to see the @realDonaldTrump family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!"
"@realdctaylor: The Establishment is afraid of @realDonaldTrump. Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again! #TeamTrump
"@DonnySmith557: @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didn't have the Bush family and Fox he wouldn't have anything! !
"@GlendaAhrens: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Fantastic winning all the way to WH #Trump2016"
Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
"@Maryland4T: @SmallBiz4Trump Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"@Good2bqueen67: .@realDonaldTrump @Sandikay60 I enjoyed the speech so much tonight you were on point 👆 Sir!"  Thanks.
"@Port3Star: @JDiamond1 @CNNPolitics You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!"
"@JeffPage5: @realDonaldTrump @WSJ @GOP they're finally gettin the message we're fed up &amp; we're not going establishment.
Just left Columbus rally of 14000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening incredible spirit in the arena!
Going to Ohio home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal!
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
Going to Columbus Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
"@ny_conservative:  @BarbMuenchen #CrippledAmerica is an excellent resource for the 2016 race #TeamTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@jrpantiques: @realDonaldTrump @TheFix @pbump THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN &amp; IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP
"@bloggerjulie: @FoxNews The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?"
"@drewtheg:  Trump is the epitome of integrity good spirit forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it!"
"@heiressarts: @realDonaldTrump By going after you Jindal also lost the LA governor race! Politicians Beware.
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS and get tough now or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!
.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
.ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
Rumor has it - Pataki Kasich &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true they're so easy to beat!
To show you how politicians act Bobby Jindal spent $1000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad but New York City will survive!
"@RustyBlissUSA:  @realDonaldTrump we're ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State. #Trump2016 #TeamTrump"
"@realkingrobbo:  @hotroddergirl You're the hero America needs! #Trump2016"  Thank you I only want to make America great again!
"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile!" Cute!
"@realkingrobbo: @realDonaldTrump @Greg39529063 @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters the best man for the job!" Thanks!
"@Greg39529063:  @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!"
"@2timeslucky:  No one can take @realDonaldTrump down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!
"@JamesPWilson1: @realDonaldTrump When you become president we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed"
"@mia_liner: @GSRPygmies  @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth only Trump can fix this mess we are in
Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
"@GeraldSoelz: Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan."
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude &amp; not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S. &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC @BilldeBlasio just called me a blow hard!
.@mkhammer a Fox contributor isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates NOT masterminds!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates but it was easy—he came in dead last!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
John Kasich despite being Governor of Ohio is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
Governor Kasich whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris they’re all on the bandwagon.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Remember I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed now they're attacking the oil.
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy he is without question the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John focus on running your company I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
"@syoka68: Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again"
"@davenorthYV: Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone even the camera. That's a sign of lying"
"@Hturne:  @VanityFair  You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ no imagination no creativity"
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it and unless he will  the problem will not be solved!
"@mnrosrnr: @realDonaldTrump the best book I've read in years Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas a true economic genius"
Wow Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now after all of this time and so much death about time!
"@MikeOG_: @realDonaldTrump was right! close the borders! #Trump2016"
"@shawnlivinlife: I still haven't heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is. #Trump2016 can't happen fast enough.
"@jrpantiques: @realDonaldTrump @ABCinSC @KatrinaPierson THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN"
President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
First candidate in Virginia with over 16000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smart" trade deals.
The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
Today's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
All seven on-line polls including Drudge and Time with thousands of respondents said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was "so so."
.@gerardtbaker Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many “really smart and elegant.”
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
"@Rmac747:  Keep up the good work Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new &amp; amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!
"@ray_aub:  Funny all the real polls have @realDonaldTrump way ahead.
"@JezzaK: If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands" Thank you!
"@JimmyGould07: Only one man has the appeal nerve commitment ideas &amp; motivation. He's the icon business tycoon and lovable DonaldTrump
"@burgettn: @AB1132 @realDonaldTrump it's the only way we can make America great again."
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
"@jackmarchione: @realDonaldTrump Loved the show!"
"@PearlsPolkaDots: @realDonaldTrump Loved the show! Best #SNL in years! #TrumpTrainSNL"
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a "tweeting" skit so stay tuned!
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
"@HouseCracka: Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the #TrumpTrain its going to be #YUGE"  Thanks.
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings Trump #1. Dope!
"@Bubbachitchat1: THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG! @Hanan_Khan2: I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump! #democratsfortrump""
Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose but not good reporting!
"@FBeadon: @realDonaldTrump don't let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada and energy independent."
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs good for the environment no downside!
Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. He's done so many wonderful things not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
"@bigsampolkcoga:  @GovChristie @MikeHuckabeeGOP @FoxBusiness and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Let's get Huck and Christie back."
"@TrumpsMyHomeboy: @realDonaldTrump @Robostop10 @politico The #MSM straw man candidate is falling apart!👊🏽"
.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @GovChristie &amp; @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. @FoxBusiness
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson "is trying to solidify his lead." But I am #1 easily! Sad
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
"@GrundleMan27: Marco Rubio can't even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances #trump"
"@Rick_Sa: @greta Interesting presidential race; Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer and @realDonaldTrump beats Carson in the polls!
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
"@SoCal4Trump: Wow @megynkelly. You openly LIE about who's ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in 99% of polls. Shameful... #StopTheLies
"@SandraJenners: I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents siblings and children. Proven Respect and Class needed in USA!"
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or if true even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
"@spiritofshiloh: Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re: Soc Sec and Medicare. @realDonaldTrump  He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!
Also tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
"@LeStudio1: DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICAThe new book by @realDonaldTrump is best seller in the making."
"@David360NC: @adenunzio We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump  Let’s do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy"
"@LookerCherry: @realDonaldTrump The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust "don't doubt me"
"@realOllieTaylor: @realDonaldTrump @Freedomr@OANN Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carson's sleepy Jeb low energy."
"@freebird_Pepper: @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!
"@kingster73: @realDonaldTrump Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesn't show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!
"@kemper34: @TheHerd @ColinCowherd @realDonaldTrump @FS1 Great interview. Ranks just above the @JimHarbaugh49 interview."
"@theBrandonMcKee: Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in "The Art of the Deal" by @realDonaldTrump"
.@CharlesMBlow  Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade
"@taurus82409: @Morning_Joe   DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You "heads" try to talk around him WHY WHY??? Go TRUMP!"
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
"@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump @robmont777 @StrengthenTheUS @GOP WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!"
"@DAMRON88: @realDonaldTrump @BornToBeGOP I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again."
"@Truth_or_Rumor: @realDonaldTrump It's not so much that Iran made a good deal it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store."  O.K.!
"@Tar_Heel_73: @realDonaldTrump We shouldn't be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice and true words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight".
Jeb's new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics!
"@BellicWolf: @and_is_w Anyway for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!"
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
"@KatyTurNBC: This is the most focused Trump stump I've heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia."
Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
"@SallyAvicii2014:  @realOllieTaylor Agree This is The Only Time #Americans have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!"
"@realOllieTaylor: @realDonaldTrump no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not  been in them"
"@shawnslawns4u: @terrykimk93 @WSJ this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP"
"@danlifting: @realDonaldTrump I wouldn't watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 11/3. Trump all the way.
Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
Support Coach Kennedy and his right together with his young players to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show @TheHerd on Monday (2:30pm EST).
The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
I am leaving for Norfolk Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
"@dalva1616: So true! Vote @realDonaldTrump and have America greatness back to where it belongs : The United States of America.
"@Hopeisalive66: We need a REAL change. @realDonaldTrump you are the only1who can stand up&amp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
When candidate John Kasich on the @oreillyfactor talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid he was referring to Ben Carson.
"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump you are always many steps ahead of the game!" Thank you.
"@jimmcvey1: @eddiern  @DeusVultUSMC @deadeyemadoc @smithsj1 Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again." Cool!
"@FreeStateYank: "The only way anybody's gonna beat Trump is being better than he is."~@rushlimbaugh on @realDonaldTrump."
Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
"@xXFlameriumXx:  @MikeandDawnNY Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! #Trump"
"@derekcarlson: People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. #Truth"
"@ApolloBohono69: @realDonaldTrump This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 💚"  Thank you.
"@T_Johnson_TJ: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! #Trump2016" Thanks.
"@8723g: One thing I learned from @realDonaldTrump : "Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make" We will have strong deal makers
"@AtheistWWonka: @realDonaldTrump @jakistheman by the time you're done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie"
"@eVDefuse: @realDonaldTrump they should just let you be president already you're already leading in the polls."
"@jakistheman: @realDonaldTrump keep you're momentum until you win over the White House"
Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
"@TaylorWrightAU: #Trump came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next #GOPDebate we need max 5 candidates too many on the stage!
"@Sisters4everT: Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr @realDonaldTrump You ROCKED the Rocky Mountains &amp; the Nation tonight!!!"
"@currentlyFeed: The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner.
"@ngb6060: @realDonaldTrump showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls.
"@coolgirl6978: You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@hyatt1942: @realDonaldTrump @piersmorgan WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE..
Thanks everyone they all said  I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!
.@TheEconomist Poll one of the most highly respected was just released. Wow wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
"@Vaporcon2015: @realDonaldTrump The Liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against Hillary.
"@cmrose111: @realDonaldTrump  @CNBC  get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country."
"@mozarttaig1: @CNBC is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!"
Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
"@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe @politico I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed."
"@JayknightJay: @RealBenCarson good morning. Easy on each other &amp; finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out."True
"@laura_damron: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains &amp; energy to "Make America Great Again"."
"@RickSt.  How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of @realDonaldTrump leaving the podium to enter a crowd &amp; listen to the concerns of a VET?
"@fairy_tabibi: Loved seeing @realDonaldTrump speak to the wounded warrior &amp; his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets
"@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!"
"@faagifts: @OANN WTG GREAT JOB. U R THE BEST PICK OUT OF ALL OF THE CANDIDATES &amp; OHIO KNOWS THIS 2.THAT IS WHY U R LEADING THERE TOO"
"@RhatPatriot: @FoxBusiness @realDonaldTrump   Why not post the other polls where Trump has 40 percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?"
"@TheJusticeEngle: @realDonaldTrump I'm 18 years old from Florida and just registered to vote. You got my vote in the primaries!" THANKS.
"@BobD746847: There shouldn't be a problem with this election. "WE THE PEOPLE" finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016"
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
"@maria_heck: @RobertsLiardon @realDonaldTrump. The more I hear Trump the more I like him!"
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
"@mmolina44: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States."
"@jfgrcar: @realDonaldTrump Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner."
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
"@Thuglife602: @realDonaldTrump Bad position for Jeb if his Mommy Daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet
"@cospy8: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT"
"@nepafortrump:  @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump"
"@concerningtimes: @JebBush needs to drop out your hurting the republican cause . @realDonaldTrump is our choice"
Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and also the new CBS POLLS which if good for me the media won't report!
"@russia890: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side."
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.
Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then at 10:30 A.M. watch Face The Nation.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!
"@JaredChristophr: Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again @realDonaldTrump" I fully agree!
"@Bane1349: They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries after having paid ridiculous amounts of money why did he pay so much in the first place?
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
"@Ir0nSpirit: Can't wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong! 👍 Sorry JebBush but you got no chance!"
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
"@toddinwichita @realDonaldTrump Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at #BenghaziHearings reading from the script. #pathetic . She is no leader"
"@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump people are for you #Trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@i_am__tyler  @MichaelCohen212 I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrat's debate is because of @realDonaldTrump"
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
"@piersmorgan: Donald Trump still dominating all polls debate cable news gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his he rarely loses!
"@ccorreia401: @realDonaldTrump @blewthebigone well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again."
"@EricSjursen: @FoxNews @SheriffClarke @MonicaCrowley  There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing not a politician"
"@blewthebigone: The establishment can try all they want to keep @realDonaldTrump from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!"
"@saadvisory: @realDonaldTrump Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
"@AshlieJuliard: @KarlRove @realDonaldTrump Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about #SomethingSpecialIsHappening"
"@PatriotByGod: @GSamUSA1 @Carolde @realDonaldTrump Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump"  I love the VETS.
.@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe Monmouth NBC and CNN all great. More!
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
"@nickmichaels12: Since late July 2015 DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination.
"@Trump4potusplz: Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald @realDonaldTrump . TRUMP 2016" Great!
"@marcoinjersey: I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at @realdonaldtrump.
"@theratzpack: @Svingali @FoxNews @megynkelly i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED"
"@Weaverinc31: The problem is @MittRomney was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!"
"@ConserveCast: The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is @GeorgeWill . He is such a sourpuss HATES @realDonaldTrump
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is don't watch her show!
"@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!"
"@Svingali: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Can't wait for @megynkelly to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!"  Won't happen!
"@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!"  Thank you.
"@clar: @GeorgeWill @brithume The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys. @realDonaldTrump is right @BretBaier #WakeUpAmerica"
"@Tuvarkz: @realDonaldTrump Can't Stump the Trump"
"@muhfuck: @BernieSanders Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@AnnCoulter:He's right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch: With my immigration policy I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country
Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect"  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
"@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!"
"@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!"
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes Make America Great Again!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
"@smr111382: @realDonaldTrump One of the best interviews I have seen!"  @FoxNews
"@girl_iowagirl20: #STOPTHEPRESSES @britthume just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee! #HellJustFrozeOver @FoxNews
Jeb why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
"@vlynpowell: @realDonaldTrump At happy hour tonight in Charleston SC everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!
.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5000 people – no pic!
No @JebBush you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
.@JebBushAt the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch 9/11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine "Sloppy" Graydon Carter is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
.@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
"@Pjdahling: @mitchellvii the truth prevails when it is so obvious. @realDonaldTrump is a force that is unstoppable"
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all especially the millions of people who will be watching!
"@Hohummm: Did you also hear Megyn say "Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls" OUTRIGHT LIE!"  Hatred!
"@bigmikeobrien: @EricTrump @skyjones55 @greta @FoxNews  @oreillyfactor @CarlRove is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment"
"@IsupportTrump16: @realDonaldTrump Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for ALL of us.
Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough firm but fair.
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
"@magnifier661: @realDonaldTrump they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny #DemDebate #USADJT2016"
"@suzyserb: @realDonaldTrump 100000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition
"@keksec_org: The only winner of the #DemDebate is @realDonaldTrump."  This is not a great debate - a little sad!
"@TS01171980: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump isn't on the stage turning this garbage off
"@TimCooperTweets: How amazing is it that the #1 trending topic is @realDonaldTrump talking about the #DemDebate-more than the debate itself
"@RealNinjetta: @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle Why did Hillary get to skate past the "Do Black Lives Matter"  Anderson let her off hook!
Sorry there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed two (at least) should not be on the stage.
"@Achilarre: I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the @realDonaldTrump debated any one of these five jabronis"
"@DNorrell: This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime. @realDonaldTrump"
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
"@FEDEnergy: @NRA @nranews Support the NRA more then ever @nationalrifle needs to back @realDonaldTrump who wants to protect 2nd amendment!
"@JuliaTock: @realDonaldTrump Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
"@princeolivier13: Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #DemDebate"
The trade deal is a disaster she was always for it! #DemDebate
"@adamscottnow: @realDonaldTrumpIf I have the #DemDebate on CNN but pay attention more to my phone does it still count as me watching it?
"@HL3tweets: @TDsVoice @CNN @CNNPolitics I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn"
"@sassylassee: My tv is off twitter is up waiting for the real show starring @realDonaldTrump #CNNSocialistDebate"  #DemDebate
"@JoethomasSmith: #DemDebate  The @IvankaTrump interview tomorrow on @CNN will have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #Trump2016
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
"@hapearce1: @realDonaldTrump they need to take the debate slow a lot of low energy on the stage tonight." I hope not!
"@StreckerJosh: The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones."
"@xai7126: @greta I'd rather see @realDonaldTrump be the debate moderator!"
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Someone should inform @CNN that despite spending millions of $'s on graphics it is not the Democratic Debate rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
"@BackOnTrackUSA: @seanhannity You are looking &amp; sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"@heavenlyitalian: @seanhannity @FoxNews time we had a businessman in the WHwho can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing not all of the current disasters!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
"@Clint_Goodrich: They used to call Barry Diller the father of "e-commerce"-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet"
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
With the fantastic ratings last weekend @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
"@MyPresidentme: @realDonaldTrump @thehill She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! #Trump2016
"@AliceEngle3: @trumpiowa @TRUMPVICTORY16 @realDonaldTrump   The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!"
"@Jamgrigs: @realDonaldTrump Trump keep fighting the fight for America we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
"@paulfincher2 Keep the faith. Elect @realDonaldTrump and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals."
"@ept_rudyru @AnnCoulter I'm Hispanic &amp; @realDonaldTrump has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! "
"@JBOD2001 @realDonaldTrump yeah you're really wearing out your welcome.  Who's dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!"
"@JayMichaelsProd  Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??"
"@BarbMuenchen  @grindingdude  the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again." Thanks.
"@DavidFoody @realDonaldTrump Thank you for taking on the   Establishment.They don't know what to do do they?"
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico one of the most dishonest political outlets is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
"@SKennedy1979: No one else brings the passion conviction experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! I'm excited."
"@Moonwkr: @realDonaldTrump I would like to nominate @IvankaTrump for Speaker of the House" What a great idea she is a total winner! (Nice)
"@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you are the best #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  Thank you so much!
"@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Donald Trump our next president of the United States! #trump2016"  Thank you.
"@metskins10: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Pay him just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide."
"@sugarofsaturn: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!"  So true!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
"@sharonDay5: The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"
"@ChadR73: Guess Barry Diller is afraid @realDonaldTrump is about to upset the crony applecart. #Trump2016 @Carl_C_Icahn" An angry fool!
"@AngelaDale143: @realDonaldTrump @CNN wow did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man Mr. Trump; certainly not the lamb chop Rubio."
"@LindaRicker6: My choice @realDonaldTrump just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air."
"@LarrySchweikart: @peddoc63 @RickCanton @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marco's head"
"@Q1776: Love fest for DonaldTrump on @marklevinshow just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!
"@Raddmom: @realDonaldTrump - don't let the media &amp; the @GOP elites push you out- Americans are with you!" Thanks I won't!
Political strategist Stuart Stevenswho led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victoryhas terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic  supporters and for the U.S.A. we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN maybe greater than ever before!
"@PaulRSidneyUK: I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers I'm going to win!
"@nathanpaul1975: @realDonaldTrump Hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!👍👍"
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
"@NeilForell: Watched the roast of @realDonaldTrump You took those jokes like a champ what a good sport! Im voting for you now"  Great.
"@sfurnbac: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the great #SNL this week!!!"
"@SolFusionGreg: @Mediaite The more the Progressives &amp; RINO's poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!"
"@RealReagan0503: It's funny how they say @realDonaldTrump doesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies.
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other as I knew they would in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great
Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
"@gse_says: Overwhelming wins by @realDonaldTrump in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.
"@apolloNC1: @realDonaldTrump @MNManstein2 You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!"
"@KenPettigrew: Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!"
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County New York (Amenia.) Great food!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach Virginia today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm back soon!
"@RLHoldenSr: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!"
"@TheBrodyFile: The HUGE @TheBrodyFile DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on @700club. @ABCFamily channel at 10am ET."
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg Oregon shootings.
"@EthaBrooke: @cs1racefan @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney The truth about Romney...he didn't want the presidency bad enough!"  He choked!
"@EthaBrooke:  @MittRomney Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough." True!
"@msann43: How can Illinois keep @realDonaldTrump off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!
"@barreto_eugenio:  @MittRomney it's sad but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump."
.@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!
"@Margaretweber48: @realDonaldTrump Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye bye Rand!"
"@sternbutgreg: @realDonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. It's real." Thank you!
"@jaycatalyst1: @realDonaldTrump Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point."
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
Carl Icahn said this about me:  "I think at this moment in time he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
"@polina6: @realDonaldTrump MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!"
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
"@ReversingASD: @60Minutes notice how your twits about @realDonaldTrump are the most RT!  We the American ppl love and want #Trump2016 !"
"@AdiosLiberty: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump @ScottPelley Haven't seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. #trump2016"
"@Apipwhisperer: @MarkPavelich @gentlemanirish @60Minutes  EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTIN'S BRILLIANCE AND TRUMP'S. @CBS I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS."
"@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump While the former KGB Putin gets softballs Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park."
"@MeOnAJourney @realDonaldTrump Imagine that an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! #Trump2016"
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
"@taurus82409: @CBS @60Minutes Look forward to it Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight many of us are behind you 100%!!
"@Vote_Trump:  Think about it. When's the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever"
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox NBC CNN Zogby &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
"@Rketeltas:  @JoeMarzocco Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30000 Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!"
.@megynkelly the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others Time Drudge Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
"@yayala19:  @marcorubio WHAT THE LOBBYISTS THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK"
"@yayala19: @politico WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE."
The failing @politico news outlet which I hear is losing lots of money is really dishonest!
.@politico which is not read or respected by many may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
"@MiriamRoseMc:  #TRUMp2016 would be the best for the country jobs trade and taxes - all others are status quo #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@JimClarkFarrier: @Rockprincess818 @LeahR77 @realDonaldTrump is the only one who can get us out of this mess!"  True!
"@glendabelle_11: @FoxNews Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching
"@wallen_jeanine: @realDonaldTrump I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner"
"@AngelaTribble: @realDonaldTrump WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain" Thanks.
"@ethansimmons111: @AllRepublicans @Ecsullie @RagingCynicism @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @KarlRove Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family"
"@joeoh89: @seanhannity  @realDonaldTrump What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham."
"@PhyllisA: @Hopeisalive66 @jdanielmoore @theblaze @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump that's ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!"
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!
"@diannrr: @megynkelly Do you dream about @realDonaldTrump? He's in your head. Let it go." She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.
"@Rbbrkhd: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor  @FoxNews The way you have treated @realDonaldTrump is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair"
"@blewthebigone: @realDonaldTrump Can't even think what the race would be without you in it."
.@oreillyfactor why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!
"@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
"@JudgeMoroz  Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message @realDonaldTrump"
"@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
"@linley4067_jane: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse."
"@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
"@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he didn't take five years to visit Israel"
The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.
I am attracting the biggest crowds by far and the best poll numbers also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all  polls with two more today @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results I should do well-who knows?
Christians need support in our country (and around the world) their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible I will be great
If I would have challenged the man the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!
Just announced that in the history of @CNN last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
Thank you to Tom Brady Coach Ditka Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? Too long too many people on stage!
"@chriscoxb2b: @realDonaldTrump - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader."
"@97Musick: @AC360 @CNN The "sold to lobbyists" candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION Trump WILL win."
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor thank you!
The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you @mcuban.
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
To all my fans sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
"@Doctr__Wang @CNN Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!"
Why is someone like George Pataki who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls allowed on the debate stage?
"@Hashtag1USA: @realDonaldTrump Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #Trump2016
"@jeffraykovich: @realDonaldTrump Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain" Yes.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul but his son @RandPaul didn't get the right gene.
"@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump: Ignore the losers and the haters you are  going to make this country great again"
"@ColinCavall: You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.
"@Trump_in_2016: @realDonaldTrump does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.
"@LukeDillon6: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't become the next president then that just shows how dumb America really is. #trump" Nice thanks!
"@TrumpDemocrats: Carson on @CNN now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump
"@JohnnnnyT: @realDonaldTrump blew it away on @FallonTonight. The ratings will be HUUUGE."
"@KittenHoliday: At the neighborhood bar talking about @realDonaldTrump we need him" We will make America great again!
"@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon You even made the show great again."
"@debra0155: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon absolutely he's just simply the best #realdonaldtrump"
"@Chrisofficer23: @realDonaldTrump @jenilynn1001 @FallonTonight loved the show....trump2016"
"@DesignerDeb3:  @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp; jobs"
"@GinHay: Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on @jimmyfallon tonight. The young people are going to love him!"
The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls just mocked my hair. So original!
Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him….
"@Plruble58 @realDonaldTrump The numbers are amazing!  #GoGoGo🏻"
I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true but not nice!
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
"@Chris0u24: @realDonaldTrump I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was"
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false!
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Remember I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
"@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except "jobs" pres @realDonaldTrump!
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
"@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except "jobs" @realDonaldTrump.
"@kylesteckel: @club4growth @realDonaldTrump The letter is out liars."
"@afievoli: @realDonaldTrump We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!"
"@rnull65:  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!"
"@soz58: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth it's good to show the public such thingsa lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars
"@broewads: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN."
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1000000. When I said no they came out against me. A scam operation?
"@jasonusmc2017: @blayne_troy @realDonaldTrump: He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
"@SamSteel10: @shook_stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give @realDonaldTrump our support. He's the leader."
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday1 P.M.in front of the Capitol to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
The phony Club For Growth which asked me in writing for $1000000 (I said no) is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign I am not controlled by my donors special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact it wasn't even see through glass it was black
Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate "gotcha" guy!
The Dallas event in two weeks at the American Airlines Center is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast  before it is too late!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1000000 they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1000000 contribution. I said no way!
"@TheKrankyGirl: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
"@BelAirCA: Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in that's why he has my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump   So true!
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener was a major security risk as a collector of info
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also my favorability numbers went up at a record almost unheard of clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
"@TDarbyMitchell: I love you Donald Trump! I've never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like there's hope for USA
"@NancyLLeonard: Love 'em or hate 'em @realDonaldTrump is changing the playing field finally. Our country needed this wake-up call.
Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins
"@therealbigdt: @FoxNews @krauthammer @realDonaldTrump #Trump is the Real Deal Baby." Thank you.
"@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President of the USA"
"@irisodle: Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!"
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics polls and whatever. Enjoy!
"@ladycatherinecd @realDonaldTrump he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !  #Trump #tcot #Election2016"
"@beck_coulter @realDonaldTrump Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt bankrupt divided country! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@RageFelix:  @GovernorPataki ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN "TACKY PATAKI" WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK
"@Dlund22226523: Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second."
"@ibemoshing: No hope for Jeb Bush anymore @realDonaldTrump has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!
In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it he blamed ASIANS
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising signage materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
"@AdriannaMarie: @realDonaldTrump People always take cheap shots at youthey can't handle the truth.You tell it like it is.They're cowards.
"@toneantone96: @realDonaldTrump No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of @realDonaldTrump Leadership!
"@mstanish53: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long ."
I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
"@ZephyrusMatrix: Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
"@john_franco: When people start losing their savings &amp; home value they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
As I have long stated we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32% highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips no more taxes"). GREATNESS!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration in favor of common core bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!
It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile Alabama that there were 30000 people at last nights event making it  #1for pol season.
Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
I had 15000 people in Phoenix but @politico said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." But said Bernie  Sanders had 11000 in same room.
"@dojiedojie: @realDonaldTrump Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!"
.@jessebwatters You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies" offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
We are going to make our country so strong again so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@2ndVoter: @SteveHuang68 agree. One of the things that is good abt @realDonaldTrump is he's forcing others out of status quo politicking."
.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
"@LKDUSA: @LKDUSA Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like @realDonaldTrump. The rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!"
"@WendyJFluga28: DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@aduanebrown New CNN/ORC poll: @realdonaldtrump #1 w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!"
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S. they should not be thrown out of our country.
"@NobamaDotCom: An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  @GeorgeWill &amp; @krauthammer - watch and learn
"@BannermanJack: Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The @realDonaldTrump shamers can't win against El Rushbo
"@PrimMrs: @Rockprincess818 The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
"@WriteReadRock: @thehill DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! #TRUMP2016
"@javonniandjeno: @realDonaldTrump @AP @nbc Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!"
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA I will never let you down!
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks @NBC were GREAT!
"@DavidHerjavec @realDonaldTrump completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump"
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
"@mikerotondo86 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and more importantly hope you agree!
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
"@officialjtw: @realDonaldTrump You're iconic! You are going down in the history books! #trump2016"  So nice thank you.
Again illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also keep up the great work!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised you're a special person
"@Libsaredemfools: @realDonaldTrump: No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!"
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history &amp; I get zip!
"@jonnati77: @EWErickson : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@CommissarOfGG: You are being attacked from all sides yet you have the people's hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you."
"@george_frye: @realDonaldTrump Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!"
"@sacquisto23: .@realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Almost universal support that "Trump won the debate." Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win and I got them the ratings!
Wow CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE connected best with audience. Also Time Drudge Newsmax N.Y.Times and more!
"@John832TheTruth: @FrankLuntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!♡"
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
"@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out @FoxNews was not fair to Trump"
"@StefanVersac: @megynkelly @ChrisStirewalt  @ChrisChristie @realDonaldTrump Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate"
"@Southern_Anon63: I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting @realDonaldTrump on Election Day."
"@joshuapantoja: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump you tried to attack Trump he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president
"@Mannamalistic: I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love @realDonaldTrump. He speaks the truth!"
"@stinger_inc: @realDonaldTrump  @megynkelly's behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased."
"@Lking2fly: I gotta have @realDonaldTrump in the White House that'd be such a game changer"
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio especially @megynkelly was not very good or professional!
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
"@RubenMMoreno: @realDonaldTrump The biggest loser in the debate was @megynkelly. You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!
.@realbobmassi who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Property Man" on @FoxNews really knows his stuff--a total pro!
"@RKMCPHERSON2014: Tonights The GOP aka @realDonaldTrump show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??
"@Shelia1965A:  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground."
"@Women4Trump: @mauigirl56 @realDonaldTrump  We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!!!"
"@anotherTRUMPvot: The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @LindseyGrahamSC tell you all you need to know.
"@Women4Trump: @realDonaldTrump @SemiNoland Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support."
"@SemiNoland: @realDonaldTrump Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald."  True!
"@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president."
"@ToTheTanr @realDonaldTrump You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's"
Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich will have total control—know them well.
"@cookingdoll: @realDonaldTrump Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.
"@SeaBeeVietN: Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't."
"@DBottenhagen: @realDonaldTrump the United states needs Donald Trump go Don"
"@Kathlee08380944: @WSJ  @hookjan Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump
"@TSettles14: I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@ctmommy: @megynkelly #KellyFile #WTF? You do realize @realDonaldTrump isn’t the #GOP enemy - @HillaryClinton is."
"@jimlibertarian:  @Dan__Crocker @foxandfriends Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerity😇on the other hand Hillary is a total liar👿"
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
"@Daaahawks @jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212   That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it."
"@jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212 we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice we want truthfulness"
"@_trump4potus: Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #Trump2016"
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband Anthony Weiner will tell the world.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
Wow did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
"@jordanallen21: @realDonaldTrump you'll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016"
Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush "delight" - con job a Bush nightmare!
"@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country Trump beats everyone all the time."
"@VickyBrush: @MANX38  @JEDTHEFISH7 Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can."
"@squirtlong: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trumps the Man of 2016!"
"@brady2edelman: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America
"@CoachZachCooper:  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!"
"@scorpio5053: @nowandthan @RealMarkCole @realDonaldTrump The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
"@ColinSWood  @realDonaldTrump is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more."
"@blindtothetruth Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards."
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
"@bdean1468 The alpha male in the 2016 race: @realDonaldTrump He has real success stories tons of money confident &amp; he's his own backer"
"@lasannewton @realDonaldTrump The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors"
"@Jennifer75AR @AmyMek  He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! #Trump2016"
"@linablue: @realDonaldTrump I love the fact you can't be "bought"..."
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort Turnberry in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club) but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
"@jan102345678: @realDonaldTrump Mr.TrumpI am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
While I’m beating my opponents in the polls I’m also beating lobbyists special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions.
“Government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
"@thehill @realDonaldTrump The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things"
"@Whitejl0111: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  McCain   hasn't done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself! 😣"
"@USARestoring: @HillaryClinton's toast. Dems had better get the"B Team" off the bench. @TGowdySC for Attorney General under President Trump
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
"@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country wants others 2 succeed &amp; calls out their lies"
Veterans please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
"@TomMcPeek   More people r gravitating to @realDonaldTrump because they're tired of all the usual BS"
"@Read_my_note No wonder why @realDonaldTrump is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!"
"@MDTaylorJr Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile @realDonaldTrump is speaking the truth. #Trump2016"
"@scorpio5053 @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp; Blue.@UnitedCitizen01"
"@Cj112Connie I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll but won't give him credit they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes"
"@jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @MichaelCohen212 you're damn right we want the truthwe've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.#Trump2016"
"@AlexPagliano Caught @realDonaldTrump's speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion great ideas."
"@rp53pierce: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people"
"@MitchPrefach: DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
"@bollweevil51: @realDonaldTrump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus."
"@eddiebrognano:  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault."
"@luismp77: @realDonaldTrump Team Trump all the way!"
"@PaulaDuvall2: Outsider Donald Trump assesses &amp; addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?"
"@billyjowiggins: @realDonaldTrump The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep"
"@EOetzel: @peddoc63 @realDonaldTrump  JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb...."
"@bluestarwindow: @realDonaldTrump @bdean1468 Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump" True!
"@Brammz3: In full support of @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS! No reason he shouldn't win the @GOP nomination. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"@ModerateMic: .DonaldTrump: Ask @ScottWalker why he left 1000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the @paysbig Potawatomi
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil borrowing to the hilt and doing poorly in jobs etc.
"@HL3tweets:  @CoachAbda Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True
"@otto2468: @realDonaldTrump He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? #Trump2016"
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll) and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
"@StoneZipper:  @stephenfhayes Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." Will never happen!
"@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist the Donald is crushing it"
"@sandrapatriot: @stephenfhayes WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump
"@Operator1975: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!"
"@Shella_Bella:  @ConnieHegel MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!"
"@nozzero  @realDonaldTrump Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!"
"@gpavlik7  1/2 of new California driver’s licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee July 17th. Go get'em Trump!"
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
"@TitanicQueen @LadySandersfarm What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!"
"@facingeast52: @realDonaldTrump Please be careful there the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there."
"@Woodsy_gal: Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! #Trump2016"
"@RTylerR4 Don't let the press put words in your mouth!  @realDonaldTrump Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!"
"@tmautner1211  If all the Hispanics hate the @realDonaldTrump why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?"
"@grant_hose  I like @realDonaldTrump . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not "what you wanna hear".
"@TheJordanHafizi @realDonaldTrump  is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!"
"@themakaylamarie @realDonaldTrump is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%."  Thanks.
"@LAgirlrebelyell:Safe travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back
"@SanchezBrutus: Plz stay safe dear Sir the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion."
"@3rdedit: Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA &amp; telling it like it is!"
"@moekamerow: @AC360 Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump"
"@woodardralph31: @gene70 @Macys We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!"
.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
"@PATRIOT4657: @megynkelly The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich but talks like he is an everyday Joe"
"@gene70: @realDonaldTrump @macys America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald
.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
"@bitchpuuuhlease: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz mr trump thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!"
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
"@jimlibertarian:  @realDonaldTrump is leaving Rick Perry in the dustand everyone else for that matter Donald will be our next POTUS
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
"@BAM4AU @CNN @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!"
"@PJAliveguy: No matter what @realDonaldTrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!
"@drewcarter49: @realDonaldTrump @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!"  Thank you.
"@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
"@PValk16: Many are missing the point the US needs @realDonaldTrump to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media.
"@MeOnAJourney: @realDonaldTrump @Billd111 @seanhannity Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates the rest are betas! #Trump2016"
"@jinx510 @realDonaldTrump don't get discouraged keep telling the truth. Your detractors can't handle the truth."
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
.@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
"@dancriscuolo: If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here! @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@ileadliberty: I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!"
"@bigg_ritch: The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.
"@ConnorBaldwin21: @realDonaldTrump has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it"
"@WesleyRuedy: Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty. @realDonaldTrump" Thank you.
"@THENORAWILLIAMS: I'm #africanamerican &amp; I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the #USA out of this mess!
"@MrdannyArthur: @Paul_Beiss @Lg4Lg @seanhannity  @SenJohnMcCain Phoenix VA led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!"
"@AlleyKat2: @realDonaldTrump doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man"  So true.
"@erintighe_: @realDonaldTrump your the only person who really wants to save America"
"@bxldgxng: @realDonaldTrump i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life you are the only person who can truly fix America"
"@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump The more the media attacks you the more I know you are the right person for the job."
"@BJSeastoneAMP: Proud of you @realDonaldTrump keep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is"
"@TCastilonia: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the opening story on every political showradio or tv.
"@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!"
"@Dark_Red_Hair: .@realDonaldTRUMP - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR"
"@ShepherdGarrett: It doesn't matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@mikeezepek: @DLoesch Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness the non-PC guy. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans illegal immigration etc.
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion"
"@Valenti317 @realDonaldTrump the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?"
"@RTMatador Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying I agree with him on the immigration situation i love honesty"
"@DanScavino @realDonaldTrump hosts events around the #USA 4our #Veterans. Long before a presidential run. He loves our military."
"@VetApologist This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why @realDonaldTrump resonates!"
" @johnjcarp61  At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain"
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
"@RW84JR: @realDonaldTrump Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!
"@Jenism101: @realDonaldTrump @97Musick Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right."
"@KathleenLove10: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan The truth hurts sometimes who cares...keep telling it like it is!!"
"@andres_3v: @realDonaldTrump you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica"
"@janetaylorann: @realDonaldTrump Will make the best President ever"
"@MaxChupailo: @kuuleme69 @cspan @realDonaldTrump Gotta love the honesty"
"@ebalky: @realDonaldTrump that's all the career politicians do is talk"
"@2014_vince: The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!"
"@pg_rant: They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race well good luckbecause we know you won't walk away! Give it to them"
"@HL3tweets: McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck including the VA debacle."
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter and fast or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
"@mwood_79:  @SharylAttkisson Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!"
"@dunn_cheri:  @SharylAttkisson Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll"
"@sloopjohnb15: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson I'm on the #TrumpTrain2016"
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the wayso did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas @GregAbbott_TX for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
It's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
"@BillyParker03: @realDonaldTrump The @BillAndMoShow has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!"
"@amandajoan40: This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident"
"@nonstop85716: @realDonaldTrump.I am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and Mr Trump has my vote"
.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
“God's word is the same yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham
Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
"@Tamaralynn212: @RWSurferGirl  @realDonaldTrump The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled he's the man for the job. I'd love to see him Prez."
"@TheRealCamSand: It would be to cool if @realDonaldTrump was the president." Thanks!
"@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain"
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them "crazies"--must apologize!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas in my opinion is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
"@danforc  as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here" Thx
"@ChristianInst @MorenoDadKC @BarbaraGarro The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision."
"@ChanRogers I literally give a fist pump when I see @realDonaldTrump tell things the way they are &amp; calling out those with no credibility"
"@pbstwo @RasmussenNews @realDonaldTrump @weeklystandard. And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists."
"@RasmussenNews @weeklystandard  Yea but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!"
.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice  show would have died long ago.
"@HoustonWelder: Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is." So true!
"@AProudRebel: @realDonaldTrump HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS GO TRUMP TRUMP NATION."
"@Britinnv @realDonaldTrump Would the people of US prefer a liar @HillaryClinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!"
"@kavemanrj  @realDonaldTrump Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country."
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
"@Marta_AQT4U: Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !! #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time he has paid a big and very long price!
I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
"@SaintPetersblog Part of me really really likes @realDonaldTrump. The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit."
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls the networks show polls that are a month old!
When will people and the media start to apologize to me for my statement "Mexico is sending...." which turned out to be true?  El Chapo
....likewise billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers drugs &amp; crime they get the money!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
The U.S. will invite El Chapo the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no!
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo' the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15000 people in 4000 code room.
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
"@frank_lemoine: @realDonaldTrump The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!"
"@DannyBo4455:  @mcgranejt @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!"
"@WayneDupreeShow: Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against "illegal immigration" into him hating "all immigrants
Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
"@hamishjoy: There's no republican field at all. When the @realDonaldTrump is in play the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016
"@Mitestarossa Please follow @realDonaldTrump ...We already know what all the other politicians will do. #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
"@kpmck63 Stay the course Mr. Trump! It's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't. #Truth"
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
"@tommyz63 @Reince let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us including you already know #Illegals are a huge problem!"
"@rdbrewer4 Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.  You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP."
"@gomrunner @realDonaldTrump keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC!  You are correctly presenting what people want."
"@customwww @Clare_OC @Forbes  Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC &amp; will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth."
"@rbern11162  @SharNeal  Donald Trump  keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target I support you completely"
"@RossMahan1952: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Like Harry Truman you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald"
"@KBrocking: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer The Donald is the only good Republican candidate in my opinion. Rubio Perry etc??? Um no."
"@tranerofmonstrs: @krauthammer He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of @Univision and @Macys #LETSDOTHISAMERICA
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
"@CaseyBierer America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up."
"@KelliKM  @realDonaldTrump stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician."
"@lolabigirl  I'm not sure why people are mad @realDonaldTrump he really speaks the truth. Sir I support you for #President."
.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
"@hallmarkm1 @realDonaldTrump is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@thegre8_1:  @SenTedCruz In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US"
"@ericbolling: The "Establishment" GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit @realDonaldTrump Congrats Donald you've got them nervous.
"@Retrogirl01: @AP Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL! @realDonaldTrump"
"@absabella  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN"
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
"@BabyPhatRox: @realdonaldtrump The huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush"
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
"@futureicon:DonaldTrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people."
Miss Universe Paulina Vega criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
"@jackie4545890: @realDonaldTrump good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real"
"@ReillyCarole: @realDonaldTrump .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it ." Thank you!
"@marita1j: Praying @realDonaldTrump continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!"
"@realmarkjackson:Trump has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. #truthhurts"
"@catisbetter666: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama"
"@nolehace:  @DCnumerology @VeneziaMatthew #Trump #thedonald 3M followers ck the other candidates-do the math. #trump echoes Americans"
"@judiejudyjudy: @Macys I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine
"@Darci51: @realDonaldTrump the blue! I don't care WHAT @nbc says or @Macys Screw them! I'm voting 4 you Mr. Trump! #trumpforpresident"
"@KMoriconi: @realDonaldTrump Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!"
"@DCnumerology: @realDonaldTrump @VeneziaMatthew TRUMP IS THE MAN"
"@_Tsac_: I'm probably going to vote for @realDonaldTrump simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees."
"@VeneziaMatthew: Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!"
"@nanaelaine7: I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN" Thanks.
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
"@usclarry: Mr @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate that hits my three main topics Border Security Economy and National Defense."
"@mikescintoshow: @realDonaldTrump He says what others are too afraid to say; the truth!"
"@Reveretoo: @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up #DonaldTrump"
"@RoniSeale:  The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it."
.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very very sad!
Wow Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you but the work has just begun!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
"@BigGstory: @realDonaldTrump is not a politician he's the leader that America needs"
"@davidrwoods: @realDonaldTrump is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully."
"@jazztheelf: @realDonaldTrump you're the only reason I'm registering to vote &amp; first president I'm donating to!! 🇺🇸" Thanks.
"@seanbarakett: @realDonaldTrump id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. You’ve got my vote"
"@JUSTTHETRUTHTV: @WFinchner @realDonaldTrump @Macys So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?"
"@frankdimauro: @realDonaldTrump Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. #Trump2016"
"@Numerologynow: In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
"@Spen_A_John: @realDonaldTrump @TheguhMantap hey you're the man Trump. Fight the fight"
As Governor of Texas Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K. I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry
"@yeswecandeport: @realDonaldTrump @Macys I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him."
"@DHarley187: @vdare @claramarks @AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth"
"@SaveAmerica15: @MrBiggles12345  @tonyarolandtr @Youxia88 @tedcruz @Macys Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!"
"@michell33841372: Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!"
"@PerryJames778:  @Highlander6700 @Macys The media Loves to twist words and so do the politicians. @realDonaldTrump will set it straight!"
"@tonyarolandtr: @Youxia88 @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @Macys The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!"
"@MARGIE352: @Highlander6700 @Macys They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community."
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
"@LepleyAmanda @realDonaldTrump @DagnyRed @Karentalk @ForAmerica amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!"
"@rebamoreland you must be doing something right cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions WE LOVE IT!!"
"@KosloffM  I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean" Thx
"@racheljoycowley I'm done with Macy's. Apparently they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!"
Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
"@DagnyRed: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump ⬅️ I'm Latina/ Legal &amp; fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Don't back down!"
"@Sheriapple: @realDonaldTrump Thought ur interview w @donlemon was inspiring. U speak the truth.
"@TeresaWageman: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to."
"@soupman227: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica the media has shown its true colors.
"@ibleedcoffee: Just deleted the @Macys app off my phone. It's a shame We used to spend thousands there a year. No more. #BoycottMacys"
"@JimStaricha: Mr. Trump I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional."
"@ftimewifenmomma: I am really liking @realDonaldTrump. We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH. 👍"
"@David_A_Hurd: @realDonaldTrump Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! #Trump2016"
"@JohnRiversToo:  @instapundit Macy's sales are declining their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America."
Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
"@phxladydi  @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You don't cowerto the media lobbyists or anyone else."
"@tixxannatrix @Lrihendry: Now this is the @RealDonaldTrump we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC."
"@webster07 @realDonaldTrump wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness"
Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
"@yankeeworshiper  thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack."
"@Figlo7 @realDonaldTrump Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven't learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!"
"@WILDMANBS It says a lot about @NBC when they fire @realDonaldTrump but keep Brian Williams and @TheRevAl on the payroll. #tcot"
"@kingjersey1 @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain they can't stand that you are speaking for the American people"
I love the Mexican people but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
"@Einsteinrevisit: @megynkelly @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump LOVE the TRUMP!"
"@ChipB: Like him or not @realDonaldTrump says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. #Election2016"
"@MARGIE352: Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it."
"@susanadana432: lDonaldTrump @amstaffbru Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote
"@jacobmathews: @realDonaldTrump @jamalwms45 @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude.
"@jamalwms45: @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC I'll vote for @realDonaldTrump"
"@amstaffbru: Pull out the heavy artillery buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. YouMt.T have my Vote hands down"
"@MARGIE352: @realDonaldTrump I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country.
"@ghostofnicky: @OutFrontCNN @CNN @realDonaldTrump Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!"
"@imprimis310: @NBC is the bigot. @realDonaldTrump and @SenTedCruz only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants"
"@JoylynBest: @Maryannzfoster @Morning_Joe  🌍 Don't care about #GOP or Trump but he's the best #GOP running and should win the Primary🌍"
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us gone!  @AlWaleedbinT
"@hollyammon: @realDonaldTrump @MalachiNorris Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth no matter how politically unpopular it may be.
"@MollyCBS2:  @realDonaldTrump will speak @ #Chicago city club today; Reports claim 2000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!"
"@jjhrkel: @realDonaldTrump don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!!" I promise!
"@MalachiNorris: I know @realDonaldTrump will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. #Trump2016
"@KEEMSTARx: Wait Mhndz  you have 5 mins to prove to me that @realDonaldTrump " doesn't support the latinos " if u do i'll paypal u $1k."
"@Jaguar11d: @realDonaldTrump Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job"
"@DynamyteBeats: @realDonaldTrump is the only choice for 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain" Thank you.
.@NYDailyNews the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor but it is dead!
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
"@TadBoikins: @dabeard @realDonaldTrump He's firing up the GOP base. #crushingit"
"@itsEmilyshine: @realDonaldTrump would be the best president 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 #DonaldTrumpforPresident"
"@tonyschiano: Unlike #Obama....he can think outside the box! #Trump2016 ~ @usplaymoney @realDonaldTrump @beny_benson"
"@HCannonball: Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"
"@usplaymoney: DonaldTrump @beny_benson He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either"
"@DattiJulia: @realDonaldTrump I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN you are the man."
"@trapman2000: RT @Deaf_Dwayne: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth.
"@WGinetta: @CNNSotu THE @realDonaldTrump &amp; @BernieSanders ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH #CORRUPT POLITICIANS
"@mjh811: @realDonaldTrump @oates_tom You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!"  Great.
"@jamesgo31991021: @realDonaldTrump @johnmarzan @RubenNavarrette Donald trump is the man" Thanks.
"@davidco71875026: @realDonaldTrump @GovtsTheProblem You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Don't back down !"
"@bucwaas: @realDonaldTrump please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it!" Thanks!
"@johnmarzan: @RubenNavarrette Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party"
"@GovtsTheProblem: The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that he's a fighter not a Republican surrender monkey."
"@Chris_D2: @realDonaldTrump go get em!! How does it feel to be the "next" POTUS? #Trump2016" Thanks for the spirit!
"@tonyewen: @ReaganWorld @realDonaldTrump is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
"@RobRucker: "The greatest social program is a job" -Donald Trump"
If I win the presidency my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs only good for Mexico.
Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
"@nanaelaine7 @realDonaldTrump only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP"
I hear that dopey political pundit Lawrence O'Donnell one of the dumber people on television is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
"@nickcokley: @realDonaldTrump my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history.
"@TaraHollyFigure: @realDonaldTrump we are counting on you Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@DanielaMarino: @FoxNews enough with #Bush #Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one"
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
Just out the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
.@Neilyoung’s song “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.
My daughter Ivanka will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
"@kolbytraveller #Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #Trump2016"
"@Stevenfclifford @realDonaldTrump thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess."
"@_bri: This is the first election I'll be able to vote and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! #Trump2016"
"@MalachiNorris: Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream."
.@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
"@carsonbonner @realDonaldTrump A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. #Trump2016"
"@SovAdjEast  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn."
I want to thank Elizabeth Steve Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
"@cota2012: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews it's amazing how people fear a change for the better"
"@JakeAwK: Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country.
"@sallyvp: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA."
"@IsaacNewYorker: I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earthwhen he winsall Americans will be #Trump16"
"@lauralynn1955: @realDonaldTrump - @oreillyfactor loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced." Bill O is great.
"@pbstwo: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic." True.
"@bdckool: I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #Trump2016"
"@shawncrazyshawn: I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up &amp; see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!"
"@TeamBobbyEwing:  @foxnews @karlrove I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the #2A! That will not solve the problem IMO!"
"@MrBrentAllen: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove @FoxNews I watched the @KarlRove interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!"
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
"@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it." True!
"@JakeKonczyk: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove The best candidate! #GotMyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!
"@CandyThomas3583: @realDonaldTrump I tend to vote for democratic candidates but I feel excited about you in the presidential race. 😊"
.@KarlRove who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
"@I_Dont_Know_Her: @realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win" Thanks.
"@NishantAgg23: Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump"
"@sugarhoney157: @realDonaldTrump He really is a great business man and gets the job done right." So true!
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin Iran China etc. Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
"@Tea_Alliance: @realDonaldTrump @bobbybnews The establishment fears Trump!" They are afraid to make America great again.
"@bobbybnews: The only person running for President that will not betray America  for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!
Druggies drug dealers rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people but we must protect our borders from people from all over pouring into the U.S.
Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal just business.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn Black Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
"@llambert0207 I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman #power #donaldtrump"
"@theHickMan33 Let's get the Trump trending #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheDonIsComing #TrumpCard #Vets4Trump"
"@dcfoodsafety:  Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"
"@hollyammon:  @AndyBran @JoeNBC DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation."  So true.
"@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @JoeNBC @keichri I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people"
"@JustinBorges1 Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns"
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
"@Gabigayle @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!"
@ericbolling in additionno doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work.
"@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump today's the day #Trump2016! Good luck!"
"@rg_radical99: Counting down the hours to @realDonaldTrump announcement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump.
"@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @realJoeMurray America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts."
"@DONJUBBER: @realDonaldTrump Shock the world!#Trump4President"
"@brentcfritz: Today is the day America becomes great again. @realDonaldTrump has some huge news that will shock the world #Trump4President"
"@realJoeMurray: Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it @realDonaldTrump. #Trump2016
"@Subdoc101:Trump said on @foxandfriends today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #POTUS. The answer is #TRUMPCARES
"@ZStr8Up: After the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance. @realDonaldTrump"
"@MikeLongoNYC: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday! Can't wait for the announcement on Tuesday I'll be there!"
"@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain!"
"@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR"
"@NPHBalanced: @realDonaldTrump has DEPTH stammina Man of the World briliant negotiater &amp; NOT BEING POLITITIAN he has POWER.
"@TimWByrd: DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt
"@DoomsdayFAN: Please run! I'm with you till the end! Everyone who wants to #MakeAmericanGreatAgain is! Vote for Trump/2016! God bless."
"@DareMagic: Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump #Trump2016
"@JRMcClaren:  @purpleheartwife Had it with politicians. They never solve problems just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist. #Trump2016"
"@woodrowwinters @realDonaldTrump pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week." Thanks.
"@JRooneyIII  @realDonaldTrump The Country needs you now more than ever.  You will be the one to bring the respect back.  #Trump2016"  Thx.
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
"@EKSpindler @realDonaldTrump @bellaxbionda go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems."
"@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @TheUSALifeStyle @GOP Trump all the way!"
"@erikwill: @realDonaldTrump @CrainsChicago @TrumpChicago I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands."
Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
"@MatthewLadzik "The golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules" @realDonaldTrump great read #MidasTouch #ThankYou"
"@GaryWhalenTV A pleasure to film at the beautiful @TrumpScotland links course &amp; club house. Thanks to @realDonaldTrump &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr.."
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Going to Scotland Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!
"@JeffJeffsc777: Mr Trump can speak the difference he's actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he's had to finance on his own!"
"@Abraham: My only regret is that there isn't 3 DonaldTrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest most handsome man in the world! Cute
"@AbrahamL1nx: ISIS would already be on ice if @realDonaldTrump was the president. We need you sir. #MyManTrump2016"
"@NEO_SALAMANDER: @realDonaldTrump You're the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top"
"@JeffJeffsc777:  Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates don't have an answer if they did they'd use it Trump Time!"
"@JeffJeffsc777:The Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results"
"@JeffJeffsc777:I believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President It's about results that's why Trump runs he wins"
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said "We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!"
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that "we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows nobody can build a wall like Trump!"
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators."
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
"@viksquad: @realDonaldTrump you are the man for the job"
"@jeffrey_gorski: @realDonaldTrump the time is now please get out in front of the herd and announce give us some hope"
"@STL_Blonde: The thing that's so wonderful about @realDonaldTrump ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires." True.
"@cdgrafics: @greta @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men."
Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!
"@thermoclinee Hey @realDonaldTrump - had a spectacular round @TrumpFerryPoint - drove the green on #7. Awesome track! Great views!" Thanks
"@krauthammer: On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!
Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
"@Delna_42: DonaldTrump You're going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win. #Trump2016 #CommanderInChief"
"@Bobzilla305: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership" A total loser!
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
"@BlueyesBeauty: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!"
"@RaeRae_luv I'm on the fence but if @realDonaldTrump runs then I'm all good"
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
"@Alex_WJ_Milne: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! #Trump2016"
Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
"@vilmawolfe03 @realDonaldTrump @davevin73 #you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America! 🏻"
"@SebuFrick: After watching 2h Trump interviews I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #Trump2016 #?"
"@Tradingforex24: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 07:45"
"@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever."
"@JollyGoodman181: Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Let's take OUR country back. Vote for the "Don" 2016"
"@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp; will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS SAVVY KNOWHOW! #Tump2016"
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington
All the haters &amp; losers must admit that unlike others I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
"@The_Truth_Sir: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!"
"@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!"
"@Great: "Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." - Donald Trump"
"@SeppBlatterP: I love my time at @TrumpCollection! The staff handle my valuables with utmost care I always come away greatly satisfied!
"@amazechristianl: @realDonaldTrump Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far."
"@KGLeipsic: counting down the days to June 16. Why? @realDonaldTrump knows why."
"@JRMcClaren: @realDonaldTrump Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him." Probably true but it's fun to expose the overrated!
"@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @jsilva74366572 then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him"
"@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump The "Don" is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President."
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son Beau. Met him once great guy!
All the haters and losers must admit that unlike others  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
Wow the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
“@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjr
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
"@alphainparis: @seanhannity DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done.
In the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish!
"@duncanebradbury: @realDonaldTrump @pmadden86 Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!"
"@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump @suzannesaxx love this guy - no fake account spread the word #trumpforprez"
"@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain and it can't continue."
"@1MuskyHunter:  @suzannesaxx we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change #trumpforprez"
"@oefoif0506: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug   RunTrump kick their A** and get it on the right track"
"@CryptOhio: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP Melania would be the best looking First Lady we've had in a looong time.
"@BMckenna38: @realDonaldTrump potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!"  True.
"@RobinFoxNews: @DanaPerino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump. The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for.
"@bobby990r_1: @realDonaldTrump would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!
"@hokie6: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump the art of the deal in action. There's a pinch of Reagan in there."  Thank you.
"@HowardJax50: Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!"
"@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain and it can't continue."
"@DanteDMoney: @FoxNews  YES "Donald" right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum &amp; the nanny congress!"
"@wendyb5372: @greta @realDonaldTrump I love Mr. Trump's honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!"
In business you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
"@danscire @realDonaldTrump Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!"  Thanks. Enjoy!
Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
A quote from the late great golfer Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
"@ashbakali: "Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure." Donald Trump"
"@BlueWaterDays: Would rather have a dynamic experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump"
"@2014_vince: @njm4250 That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump usescontrols china.never loses"
"@Mitnasty33: @realDonaldTrump "Politicians and diapers must be changed often and for the same reason." - Mark Twain"  So true.
"@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess" Wow it can be done!
"@BabyFuzz1969: I want to see YOU represent we the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!"
"@alexx4111: @realDonaldTrump I don't even live in the States but I would still vote for you. Trump4President"
"@DNorrell: @Judgenap @freedomlives999 DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk
"@davevin73: @realDonaldTrump You should be president I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way"
"@2014_vince: I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE..."
"@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump It's almost June &amp; time for the big announcement!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident"
"@therealtommydel:1 &amp; only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment &amp; common sense for USA ! #FreeBrady"
.@AnnCoulter's new book-- "Adios America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole"-- is a great read. Good job!
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution not the problem.
"@_Aleshaxo: @realDonaldTrump Now that just put a smile on my face! 😊 Keeping the faith that you will run. #Trump2016"
"@robertpatrickmc: @GovernorPataki didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united states @realDonaldTrump" True!
"@rosannascotto: Coming up @realDonaldTrump on #GDNY talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?"
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job "D"
"@rtesta: Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than @realDonaldTrump to turn us around. #Trump2016
"@KathyPenree: First time at Doral since the renovations wow! Fantastic job @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump"  Thanks.
"@persdevquotes: « I try to learn from the past but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present -  Donald Trump
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
"@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood."  Watch.
"@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood." Go get 'em!
"@05FXDLI: @realDonaldTrump As usual great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty."  Thanks.
"@Trading: Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump
"@CarterDeKeyser: People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 is @realDonaldTrump if he runs
"@James00549702:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be "humble" &amp; just report the news!!"
I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
On this Memorial Day holiday we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain
"I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
"I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
"I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released." - my  @SRQRepublicans speech
"Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!" - my @SRQRepublicans speech.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
"@mbabramson @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly Is always nice to listen to you because you answer and not dodge the questions!"
"@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @MansfieldRA @FoxNews He is the only one who could save us!!"
"@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOU'RE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA
"@MansfieldRA: The Q Is Will The @realDonaldTrump Run For President? We Shall Wait And See. @FoxNews" Just watch!
"@IPSInvestments @realDonaldTrump The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business
"@RoadrunnerKD: Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership experience and wisdom. #Trump2016"
"@631acf83e56d41c: We need change your the MAN!! You got my vote!! I'll campaign for u in AZ!! Let's do it Trump!! #Trump4Prez #uwillwin"
"@CharlesLiva: Thanks @realDonaldTrump  this country needs a real leader and you are the man! #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT #DT2016 #DonaldTrump2016"
"@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @kneehighspy trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres"
"@kneehighspy:  Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid we really need some help out here for the common folk! #Trump2016"
"@SmokyJacques: @realDonaldTrump waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!"
"@GoHardYoung: The only way I'm voting for president is if @realDonaldTrump runs"  Cute!
"@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @GameANew put your hat in the ring - I'll vote for you. Get busy trump"
"@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump -Trump the players in this presidential race..... #trump2016"
"@pdk73: @realDonaldTrump I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House"
"@thomas_tullos10: @realDonaldTrump said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!"
"@champforrest: @megynkelly  Bringing jobs back from China &amp; Asia is a winning issue. He'll capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs."
"@DNorrell:  @megynkelly shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around." True!
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2000+ attendees-Can't wait!
What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
"@Mrs_Batie:  @VeryOddDog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended"
"@AerielleS: @realDonaldTrump is the key to success."  Thanks.
"@greenhousegrown: @realDonaldTrump @DRODELL76 Your my only hope if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!!" Keep the faith!
"@bijobijo: @realDonaldTrump run for president clear cut stop the nonsense of current fools."
"@TBI_ArmyWife: Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #HiddenHeroes. Proud to be a Texas Fellow @DoleFoundation"
"@Crackmacs: @Brangwyn @inducedcoma I'm still expecting @realDonaldTrump to swoop in and save the day"  Stay tuned.
“Actions are the seed of fate   deeds grow into destiny.”   – Harry S. Truman
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
"@Richard__Lewis: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself." Thanks.
"@_chanelelle_: Donald Trump is my inspiration in life @realDonaldTrump love u Donald u the real mvp!!"
"@littlevd23: @oreillyfactor DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!"
"@IslesRBYanksFan: "Politicians are all talk and no action". "Lets make America great again". Mr. Trump for the sake of America please run
Gallup finds Des Moines Iowa has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
"@KhathuEnos  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir."
"@anurag7287: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you are the best"  Thanks.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@derbitteractor: @realDonaldTrump sen. hillary clinton voted for the war"
Wow ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste.
"@littlevd2 km @FoxNews Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it"
"@dcfoodsafety:  Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #Trump2016"  Stay tuned
"@elifourv: @realDonaldTrump You're really the best Trump!"
"@SHAWSHANK5: @realDonaldTrump @AJ_13_Hulton Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world
"@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @TheBrodyFile -I'm all aboard the Trump Train. I know it won't derail. 👍"
"@4kmiddlebrook: DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life #WorldChampion #RebuildAmerica" Thanks
"@SkeeterSpinello:Trump might be the the smartest business man alive.But it's your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field
"@jsilva74366572: @DurandSentinus - US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!"
"@terrisanislo: @ColorMeRed @realDonaldTrump Hey the man knows how to run a business!"
"@dan_numba: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas you are the best mr trump"
"@GappistanRadio: Jeb Bush Marco Rubio Ted Cruz are not the answers. America needs Trump to send Hillary packing and make USA great again!
"@STR8HUSTLING: @realDonaldTrump Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprentice"  True!
"@Joe_Hurwitz: @realDonaldTrump WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME"  Wow I love the second part!
"@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this he is not having fun!
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
"@ajbruno14 Thanks Old Post Office is hidden treasure worth the time to visit!"  It will be fantastic!
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians ENOUGH
I am the BEST builder just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads airports tunnels bridges electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols &amp; better
Remember politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads airports bridges. I know how to build pols only know how to talk!
"@BiffDiddle: .@realDonaldTrump This is why we need a real leader in the White House. #Trump2016"
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
"@Stann1s: @realDonaldTrump Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
"@WilyKayote @LenToddWOR  I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He can't be bought!  He said this country is going to Hell"
"@enzotorin @realDonaldTrump Trump is the man #Trump2016"
"@donhewitt3 @RonFromLasVegas People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court"
"@strombolijeff: @realDonaldTrump u are the people's hero. TRUMP 2016 you've got my vote!" Thanks.
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
"@delonte3ast: Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit @realdonaldtrump in the White House." Very cool!
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field so this!
Can you imagine we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
"Government's first duty is to protect the people not run their lives.” – President Ronald Reagan
"@KyndalBass  Thank you Jill Marlon &amp; all @TrumpChicago for the amazing &amp; personal service. #Chicago'sBestHotel  #Trump2016"  Thanks.
"@MrTonyRoberts1:  greatest country on earth The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best"
"@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!"  Thank you.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
"@Presidency2016: Dr Ben Carson @RealBenCarson will just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025."
"@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life. #Trump2016"
"@therealTMac11: @NRA Non-hunters don't get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation. #googleit"
"@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest."
"@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA Bc the Elephants are so many The Safari Club pays for water wells to keep them alive."
"@laurenthomasx3: Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville SC! See you soon @realDonaldTrump"
My two sons Eric &amp; Don have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
"@JackPaalay: @realDonaldTrump The King of Turnberry! Fabulous!" What an amazing place!
"@kittreantanner:More interviews Mr Trump. The more you talk @ what you would do if president the more people want to hear MORE from you."
Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteen
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
.@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will.
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
If I run I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
"@jrondatampier: If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimore´s issue no chance to solve China´s &amp; OPEC´s abuses. The World asks for leadership!
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
"@TOLEDOSNOW: You should run for president Mr. Trump! You're a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!"
"@ShalontaBowman: Without a doubt donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. You'd be the only competent candidate. We need you!
"@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Sir. With all dew respect you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man &amp; RUN."
"@NickDallman: @realDonaldTrump You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!"
"@zrill: @realDonaldTrump just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest will you run? #Trump2016"  Watch.
.@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy go get them and make them pay. No signals just do it!
"@ShalontaBowman: @realdonaldtrump You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you.
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
"@ValetaSue57: @realDonaldTrump DT please get in the race for President"
"@AAcrowellt:  @realDonaldTrump he is the best person for the job"
"@tiaffo: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Yes... ALL the WIN!...."
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
Follow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
"@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump  You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN! #2016"
"@mindfreakeuropa: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 I concur! Donald please run the country needs you!"
"@mortimerzilch: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 we don't know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope.
"@steveman905: @realDonaldTrump You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!"  The only one that can!
"@JoshGundle: @realDonaldTrump Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century! #Trump2016" CUTE!
"@meltsch: @realDonaldTrump @peenerad What a sad lineup the republicans have most we never heard of . They have nothing to inspire us."
"@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! #Trump2016" Thanks.
"@dcfoodsafety: Mr.Trump I tell people I am voting for you. When are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing?" WATCH
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
"@patmc454: DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce you're running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world
Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
"@SFC17972: Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!"@foxandfriends
"@DdEeSsM: This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome @realDonaldTrump in charge! #donaldforpresident"
"@RobinRN: @realDonaldTrump What this country needs is unification &amp; direction &amp; you're the one who can make it happen! Run Mr. Trump run
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help and fast. They are crumbling!
"@sparklebutt1947: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends yes and he WILL bring companies back to the US"  True.
Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?
"@NatashaOwnfan:  @RockinJoe1 For me you are the only one that can do the job right move the country forward &amp; bring about goodness"  True
"@ZGreekDWstyle: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president and save us from the fools.  Stay tuned!
"@NatashaOwnfan: @RockinJoe1 I can't wait to find out yes or no Mr. Trump is so brilliant great at business he can run the country"Thanks
"@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changer"  Stay tuned!
"@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump knows what it takes to WIN just like Floyd Mayweather. He is STRONGER &amp; will overcome the WEAK!! #Tump2016"
"@AndMySpace: IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK&amp;RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESS‼️🇺🇸HE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!"
"@chuckiscool: I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!"
"@RockinJoe1: @upsetNavyVet @realDonaldTrump well at least the Donald's arrogance is warranted"  So true thanks!
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
"@rjispy:  @Sweettea2u Great! All @gop @TeaPartyExpress @TPPatriots @TeaPartyOrg should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs"
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs jobs jobs!
.@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason a real pro!
"@CaseHoag: Just spotted Trump Tower in #Chicago. What a presence the building gives to the city! Props to @realDonaldTrump" Thank you.
@realDonaldTrump  I'm an activist so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interestbut the people I know admire Trump"  Thank you nice.
"@ColetonEmr: Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! :) 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump" Thanks.
.@canoetravel  Also the very obsolete ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel
"@Robby_Moreira: @realDonaldTrump If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure!" Nice.
"@SlimShiny82: Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton"
"@sandersandrew: @realDonaldTrump Donald you have to do it. It's the only way to save this once great nation."
If the working proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views the U.S. as we know it is doomed!
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street naked. Why no riots here?
"@AmadorServer: DonaldTrump get in the race and shut down the opposition. I'm ready for America to be great AGAIN. #makeamericagreatagain
"@robertpatrick @FoxBusiness saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will "take him seriously. You mean Chris Mike was his great father.
.@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work never stop!
"@fabeshai: @CBSNews DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary Donald should get in the race. He is a true Reagan republican."
"@yanicsimard:  @realDonaldTrump &amp; @TrumpToronto for the retweet love your properties and looking forward to your Washington DC new hotel"
Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!
"@BJKizer74: You should run as an independent and kick Hiliary's ass &amp; the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINO's!"
"@j_middleton7: @realDonaldTrump please get in the drivers seat of this country!"
"@Gmandunkley: @realDonaldTrump Hi Donald spare a thought for little old guy here. I love your hair and wish I had the same." GREAT!
"@615realjg: Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now" Thank you.
"@markpryceagee: I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party. #Trump16" I do also!
"@circuspony2: @realDonaldTrump Did you see all the whites that were robbed &amp; assaulted during the riots Mr President? #Trump2016"
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
They now say using the word "thug" is like so many other words not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!
"@StaceyLambright: I had the pleasure of meeting @realDonaldTrump and hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!"
Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!
"@MLawts12: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run in 2016 the country is screwed" I agree!
"@LynusCantwell: The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership."
"@jtruelove713: If @realDonaldTrump runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then..........."
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
The best social program by far is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with and really liking  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore.
"@Vanderpunked: Can we drop @realDonaldTrump off in the middle of #Baltimore so he can show Obama how it's done?" I would fix it fast!
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
Wow 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
"@Eileenkelly14 @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  For those saying it's not crowded you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside."
"@mrsabh: @realDonaldTrump well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. #Godspeed sir."
"@dusty_radio: @realDonaldTrump U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!"
"@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness"
"@jelliottkelley: @realDonaldTrump coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better @RepJeffDuncan"
"@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying for you the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you"
"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!!" Thanks.
"@AndyBran: @foxandfriends all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control"
"@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday!" @foxandfriends
"@DoreenHunns: @realDonaldTrump We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight."  Watch.
"@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan The word spectacular magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!"
"@JGibson271985: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire." Thank you!
"@PCS1776: @realDonaldTrump &lt;---- The thinking man's Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win."
"@WeWantMitt2016: The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@britanniagolf  Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberry's Ailsa Course @realDonaldTrump" Thanks. It will be fantastic!
"@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!"
"@thembazoko1: @realDonaldTrump: get Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!
"@rmutt_17: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!! #trumpisawesome #trumpcard #capitalism"
"@MaxMacGruder: The man who would've kept us right years ago the man who will put us right in the future. The ONLY real choice. #Trump2016"
"@HargraveGlobal: The world needs a leader like @realDonaldTrump !"  Thanks.
"@hansel_amarilla: “As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway think big.” –Donald Trump The Trump Organization President"
"@BillyMoeder: @realDonaldTrump is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office #Trump2016"  I agree thanks.
"@JarrettMKorn: All faith in the world that @realDonaldTrump is the answer for America come 2016 is a new beginning! #donaldtrump2016"
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
"@AMOakabr: DonaldTrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the American Dream is again! Ronald Reagan reincarnated!"
"@rightjj;: Should definitely include you in the polls! Why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?"
"@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump your the Man!! Please run we need you!!" Watch.
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@lorry_bennetti: @realDonaldTrump China has been laughing at the W🌏RLD for a long time &amp; will continue to do so!"
"@BestPhotosEver: You need to run for Pres. You would restore greatness to America and have the ability to make a difference. #Trump2016"
“What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
"@ellemae63: @realDonaldTrump no surprise! You are the man!" Thank you!
"@Bane1349: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up."
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier
Looking forward to keynoting @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
.@JonahNRO  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  @NRO
"@rickyricardo722: @realDonaldTrump I'd work like a dog to help Trump get elected no politician can fix the mess in Washington. #Trump2016"
.@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
"@Mr_president706: @realDonaldTrump please run for president and show these so called Republicans how to get the job done."
"@sam_tucker17: You would be the best president. You're political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!"
"@faktmeister: U r 1000% correct Politicians can't fix problems Politicians made. The Executive Branch needs a real Chief Executive. Run!"
"@themightylayman: Dear @realDonaldTrump: You are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President.
"@smxtty_: Donald trump would be the greatest president" Thank you.
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that I’m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security etc. I’ll make America rich again!
I’m a conservative but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other whereas liberals unite to win.
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. @JonahNRO
“When you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat.” – Ronald Reagan
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
"@RonnieWNichol Just viewed the video of the changes to @TurnberryBuzz. An already stunning course will now be even more spectacular"
Wow Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble but don’t worry my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk no action.
.@DanaPerino wrote a wonderful book “And the Good News is.."  Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp; politics—go get it!
Glad to see that @PeteRose_14 has been hired by @FOXSports as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
"@MSJACKIEWOW: @realDonaldTrump NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH@T UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB.
"@dalasner: @realDonaldTrump I am honored if you are in I am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in campaigning for the BEST"
.@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't  have what it takes! @JoeNBC
"@rennie022164: @EastonWestwood @JonahNRO @stephenfhayes I'm thinking a businessman like Trump is the only one who can fix this mess!" True!
National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!
.@megynkelly   Sorry there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!
Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?
As I have long been saying South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
"@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald"  Believe me I would!
"@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald"
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
"@SkyGlideUSA  One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. #thetrump hotel. Our company loved it there.@realDonaldTrump" Thank you.
"@ScottUdine @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best by far in NYC...."  Thanks.
Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
"@dryan5962: When we need hope @realDonaldTrump is just the person there to give it...#Trump2016 @foxandfriends" True!
"@Doctor_Platek: Come June/July @realDonaldTrump will take the first step in the process of making America great again! #Trump2016"
"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Let's Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!"
"@amir_ibrahim26: @realDonaldTrump I think u should run for president all small business here in Memphis the closing down because of tax"
"@lizboyle98: I think @realDonaldTrump would be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class
"@AndrewVaccari: @realDonaldTrump You are an inspiration! Best wishes from across the pond!" Thanks.
"@hillarysusans: @daveyh @realDonaldTrump Way more substance than you know. Best negotiator in the world. Iran wouldn't get nukes for sure"
"@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump I believe if you run  you would win hands down! .... But The expectations of you would be enormous.
"@RedzuanRasul: @realDonaldTrump inspired others to dream more learn more do more and become more you always are the leader." Nice.
"@hmackie11: @realDonaldTrump Melania as First Lady.. She'll go down in history as the most gorgeous First Lady EVER"  TRUE!
"@hillarysusans: @daveyhubb DonaldTrump @GOP He's very easy to relate to in person. If he takes the grass roots route he has a great chance
"@charlesfowler: @realDonaldTrump brings great debate and ideas to the #GOP campaign RUN DONALD RUN!!!"
"@CityBlindsMIB: @realDonaldTrump With Mr Trump as top man in the World Everyone would shake hands and listen to the man!! true leadership"
"@PopularPosters: @realDonaldTrump you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job.
"@PopularPosters: Our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth"
"@HarvardLaw99: @realDonaldTrump @CaudillAsh Announce you're running when you're comfortable with the timing." Great.
"@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump Like the Nike Ad says Mr.Trump JUST DO IT! Run for President and give America what it needs..A true leader!
"@Michael_Haz: Watched replay of D.T. speaking in Nashua today. He was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs managing foreign policy."
"@AlfredoeOrtega: Outstanding speech at the Republican Leadership Summit Mr. @realDonaldTrump" Thank you.
"@hillarysusans: @realDonaldTrump You rocked both events. The @washingtonpost knows it too!! Thank you for a great brunch and a great talk!!
"@bella270012:DonaldTrump The next man in Office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..I think you're the only one who can do it.
"@stephenfhayes: Trump: "I have made a fortune against China.I know all of the killers on Wall Street." Trump v China? "China has no chance!
"@stephenfhayes: Trump on others who have spoken to #FITN in New Hampshire: "With all the people you're listening to you can forget it.""
"@SeddhmB: @realDonaldTrump i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the American Dream back!"
"@BoyerNick15: @realDonaldTrump 2016 will hopefully be the year of the Donald!"   Thanks.
"@landotalley50: @realDonaldTrump Answer the calljust do itAmerica needs youRUN!!!!" Stay tuned!
"@RM_MMBtuGirl: @realDonaldTrump isn't it refreshing?! There's hope. Keep up the good work."
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
"@Sebastian_Rey10: “@CNBC: Ford is planning a $2500000000 investment @realDonaldTrump in MEXICO!!!!"  The U.S. is getting killed!
"@dmanhomee: I support DonaldTrump 100% for 2016! He is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!"
.@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
"@BretBaier: Tonight on the #SpecialReport panel we have @georgewillf @ron_fournier and @JonahNRO. What a group of losers on your panel!
"@bridgetmarie89: Out of ALL the politicians in Washington not ONE can #savesaeed imprisoned and tortured in #Iran for being a Christian
"@bryt1330: I get into so many arguments over #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump but I think he could ACTUALLY change this county for the better
"@grizzlybear9062: DonaldTrump @L3nny85 Please run Mr.Trump the U.S . been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100% in
"@Kakatshozi: Ivanka Trump would be the cutest first daughter in US history if DonaldTrump became president! Elegantclassy and adorable."
"@M_Foresta: @realDonaldTrump I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning."
"@BackOnTrackUSA:  The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obama's lackeys " You're fired!"
"@L3nny85: Perhaps it's time we bring back the #American #Empire  Mista Trump @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@john_siracusa: Great hearing you @realDonaldTrump speak with #DonImus on @TheImusShow this AM. You enhance the dialogue on all programs
"@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica Donald's Policies are the Real Game Plan to #Win He's also the only 1 to beat #Hillary"
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedomsit will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln
Looking forward to speaking at the @NHGOP #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Let’s Make America Great Again!
"@RickyRicardo223: @realDonaldTrump would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president."  TRUE!
"@M_Foresta: @realDonaldTrump I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning."
"@CaitlynHarman: Melania would make a fantastic First Lady she has the charm that reminds me of classy Jackie O #Trump2016 @MELANIATRUMP"
"@theqtan: @realDonaldTrump please run for President! The country needs you! #Trump2016"
"@JosephSchleider: @realDonaldTrump good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency @AlanColmes
Today is April 15th Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
"@Thutchy5 @realDonaldTrump Politicians talk the talk but this man walks the walk. #Trump2016"
"@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump His biggest asset is that he isn't a professional liar like the rest of them."
"@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier DonaldTrump   Only one who ever took on the MacDaddy. Looks like only one to fight Hillary. Even in her own party
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.
"@J_Feeds03: Even if @realDonaldTrump doesn't run for the GOP I'm writing him in on my ballet. #Trump2016"
"@MrMet41: @rosannascotto @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump The Donald gets things done #Trump2016"
"@AplemonLemon: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump that's why we need you Mr. Trump! You're on the polls so it's time you get moving!
"@MasterBaxter8: How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!"
"@MasterBaxter8: We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Let's show her the competition! #Trump2016"
"@pare900: @realDonaldTrump Hillary must not win.. These other Republican candidates are nothing. You are the real deal
Wow Mitt Romney didn't  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews
"@Doug3P0: look DON'T be a fool. VOTE for the right guy. vote FOR @realDonaldTrump"
"@jamison1013gma1: @realDonaldTrump @burger__meister I pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run MR. TRUMP" Thank you.
"@ClintonIYH: If the Republicans are serious about stopping Hillary... They really need to nominate @realDonaldTrump" I agree!
"@extra_deep: Hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president and fixes the mess Obama made"
"@MrMet41: @realDonaldTrump The Donald #Trumps all ! #Trump2016"
"@nilsson_markus: @realDonaldTrump for president  everybody knows it's the best thing for the country #gotrump@PICA_59"
"@MKBeattie: @realDonaldTrump vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!" I agree!
A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
"@MKBeattie: @realDonaldTrump vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!"
"@tam69sc: @realDonaldTrump waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so I can vote for you and rally others to do the same"
"@garycassard:  "@washpostjobs: hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office. Rain or Shine Trump Delivers!"
"@sarzitron: The best part about @realDonaldTrump running for president will be @HillaryClinton losing. I hate her so much."
"@washpostjobs: Who's excited for the hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office into his newest hotel? We are!"
"@shannlyman: @realDonaldTrump the trump courses in Scotland are the best in the world! Fantastic few days playing them!" Thank you!
"@TracyHolland1: When will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race? Can't wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn.
"@KENofdfl:  @RealPro4Real @politico @GOP @SpeakerBoehner she's a dishonest and deceitful person. Trump blows her outta the water!
"@destiny_113: @JohnLegere if @realDonaldTrump says your service is terrible it probably is. His hotels are the best impeccable service."
"@TalkerNewYorker: I say Flag Day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety @realDonaldTrump"  My birthday interesting.
"@wainainanjenga: @realDonaldTrump @Jackshallis the best president for America ever."
"@TerriLeeD:  "@daviddepuma: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote Mr Trump!! 🇺🇸 When is the announcement??? Let's go! 👍"
"@BestBergerEver: Mr. @realDonaldTrump I agree: T-Mobile stinks. Just buy the company &amp; turn it into Trump-Mobile! #Trump4Prez
"@DanRebellato: . @TMobile I bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified."
"@BackOnTrackUSA:Obama gave honor &amp; praise to the deserter Bergdahl but refuses the murdered Foot Hood victims military benefits : shameful"
"@Gingerxoxoxoxo: "@realDonaldTrump: .@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints just check."@VerizonWireless is the best"
"@philly_phily: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile   at&amp;t is the best"
"@PrincessDaytura: @TMobile   Thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption much respect Mr Trump. #Trump4Prez"
"@saints_74: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile i agree it is the ONLY phone company that doesn't give u service in central louisiana."
"@mjpomor: @realDonaldTrump @mayrazayago This building is awesome. Kind of neat if Donald becomes either the POTUS or the VPOTUS. Mk"
"@ElvinBerndt: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere Guess @rootmetrics @JDPower Had it right. @VerizonWireless has the best wireless network."
"@Chris_R_2014:  Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!"
"@JamersonHayes: Just keep doing what you're doing; a lot of Americans believe in you you set the standard for what America was built upon.
"@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump @JamersonHayes Agreed! Haters! just because they won't ever have the half the intelligence of Mr. Trump!"
"@MikeandDawnNY: @JohnLegere I'm a TMobile customer 4 10yrs &amp; DT is right. Also he's Presidential unlike Joker in WH now &amp; Hillary the Liar"
"@LadyZales: You're the only one for the job! You never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president I want! #Trump2016"
"@cstace1: @realDonaldTrump has already won the election #Trump2016"
"@saugat_p: @realDonaldTrump speaks the truth. Refreshing honesty. No politics BS."
"@housecalls1228: @realDonaldTrump Sure wish you'd get off the pot and start pissing off this Fed Gov by running for Pres.You've got my vote
"@thegurleygirl: Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you &amp; the country knows you're the person who can save our country!#Trump2016"
.@TMobile  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @JohnLegere
"@glfceo: The best #custserv in hospitality is at @realDonaldTrump 's @TrumpChicago hotel! Just super!"
Without passion you don't have energy; without energy you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
"@wiccanfoxglove: @realDonaldTrump will you run? Can you get us out of the hole we are in? I want this nation to be strong &amp; proud!
"@AutumnJuliaa: My goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as @realDonaldTrump did at my age."
"@anthonycl: .@realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! He's the only one who can run a successful business!"
"@markraymond: @realDonaldTrump You're the only person who could lead America and move our country forward!"
"@dtbeasley: @nashvillebiz @NSHBIZSichko @realDonaldTrump he also bought the beach property adjacent to Mar-A-Lago from Jack Massey." True!
"@MulletGang2020: Ok @realDonaldTrump i saw the interview on #FoxNews I hope you run!"
"@JacksonHoleSue: The interview was compelling! I am convinced you are the  right person for the job! I am behind you all the way!"
.@BretBaier  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
"@MamaGlove:  Please tell Cruz &amp; Rubio we are trying to return to the Constitution.No more usurpers #RunTrumpRun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
"@LaurenHayes021: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time!
"@dalley5:  I got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! The common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this!"
"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump excites conservatives AND appeals to independents. The best candidate. RUN DONALD RUN!" Thanks Kyle.
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
Off to Nashville and the NRA.
"@5reedz: @realDonaldTrump Welcome to the Best City in the USA....... Nashville Tn. I love Nashville!
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
"@iamapatsfan: I would rather Donald Trump be the president than Jeb Bush." Would do a much better job!
On my way to @TrumpSoHo to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.
"@slips60: @realDonaldTrump Looking in from across the pond America needs you asap"
"@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @justariot66 we need some one like you. Are you putting your hat in the ring i sure hope so"
"@Chm14Mc: @realDonaldTrump Trump Turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine. #lookinggreat #trumpturnberry"
"@BradHeat: @realDonaldTrump is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to. Keep the inspiration up." Thank you.
"@justariot66: Rand Cruz Rubio next week. A hat trick of "never gonna win" Donald if you ever were for real this is the time."
"@kwrcrow: @CommunityJC  I agree America is disheartened. I truly believe #Trump can turn this country around. He is the only 1 who can"
"@Jpicc1: @realDonaldTrump Please DO run!! We need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current President has caused us!!"
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people great state!
"@ColemanG81: I can't wait for DonaldTrump to become president and finally put the US back on top as the worlds greatest country! #Trump2016
"@MyView001: @realDonaldTrump U sure could do a lot for the country!"
"@Brain__Quotes: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. -Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump"
"@Amit_D_R: @realDonaldTrump @4kmiddlebrook I'm sure the American voters will say "Mr Trump you are hired!""
"@Luismamh11: DonaldTrump “Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Wow the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide and most people don't think I'm running!
"@Reedgs119: @realdonaldtrump @cleopattrausa Donald you are the next Ronald Reagan. Make America great again." Thank you.
"@jasonCwaite: @realDonaldTrump The BEST tweet of 2015. Agree? #Trump"
How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
"@susanbbossie: @realDonaldTrump Excited to see the new tennis facility tomorrow @ Trump National in VA @serenawilliams ❤️🎾❤️ Best in world
.@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you a truly great champion tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
"@ISAACYASS: @realDonaldTrump I know you will do great things for the USA!"
"@Buster842: @realDonaldTrump The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for."
"@MarianoQCasilum: PLEASE make it known now that you are a serious CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED YOU TO LIBERATE USA
“Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it’” - @marklevinshow
Congratulations to @GatewayPundit on being named the #ROL15 @BreitbartNews award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved!
Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
"@majesticljp: @realDonaldTrump it's time for you to run for President of The United States Mr Trump!!"
"@Doctor_Platek: @realDonaldTrump I believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again!" You are right!
"@maxine41823: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump always hear the truth from Donald gives honest opinion...always listen"
"@tijfbutler: Greatest Easter greeting ever RT“@realDonaldTrump: I wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy Easter!”"
I wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy Easter!
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!
"@greta: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans I can hardly wait to do the interview when the Old Post Office is finished in all her glamour"
"@greta: @hillarysusans @realDonaldTrump I had so much fun doing that interview - so different from the usual OTR"
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
"@4kmiddlebrook: #Everyone @realDonaldTrump is the ONLY one who can beat Hillary
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal
"@jleec Reading @realDonaldTrump Art of the Deal tonight for the 3rd time. Please run for president! #Trump2016"
"@MichelleM: Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The Art of The Deal &amp; who would not make a bad deal w/ #Iran"
"@Scotspolfed: Friendliness professionalism &amp; sheer dedication of staff @TurnberryBuzz should be pointed out to the boss @realDonaldTrump
"@Tyrone_deverger: @realDonaldTrump I pray to God you run for 2016. You are the one man that can save the USA.
"@19thWheel:  Heard your interview on SiriusXM Radio from FoxNews. I was thinking Scott Walker but now going Trump card all the way."
"@FlyOSUBuckeye1: RUN Mr Trump! Run! #oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump I doubt Sec Kerry EVER read "Art Of The Deal""
"@Josh_Millard16: I'm loving everything DonaldTrump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal China Mexico and the border.Please run
"@Cigartainer: @realDonaldTrump best I've seen you / o'reilly. U bring a lot to the table &amp; r a true citizen."
"@devin199722:  Just watched you on @oreillyfactor Want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first President I Vote for!!!"
"@tr123xyz: @realDonaldTrump Excellent appearance on O'Reilly Factor tonight. "The smart guy" is what this country needs."
"@Teeroyd: Saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing Im a gay republican ANNOUNCE!"
"@bridgetmarie89:  "@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor "The Smart Guy" I love that slogan!"" Trumps Smart Guy approach #inspired me"
"@sailor7: @rebeccagberg - I am ready to work for the GOP - I want to back @realDonaldTrump - he is a Patriot"
"@user9888: Money was never a big motivation for meexcept as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. @realDonaldTrump
"@wingchungun: 👉Trump👈 would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... &amp; in ONE day!!!
"@FakeSkiTeam: @realDonaldTrump That's why we need tough smart leaders like you in the White House instead of this pushover Obama!"
Each day that Iran delays the deal if that is what you call it we must add another sanction and make them progressively tough.
"@trhdesign55: Great interview @realDonaldTrump on @oreillyfactor !!! Throw your hat in the ring !!!"
"@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor "The Smart Guy" I love that slogan!"
"@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The BEST President in the history of the United States DONALD J TRUMP"
"@Cherelynn: @realDonaldTrump @WeLoveTheDonald I would support you if you were going to get in the race"  Thanks.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. Be tough be strong be tenacious.
“Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – Think Big
"@Ajcarpenter0 Hoping to see @realDonaldTrump in office for the next 8 years #Trump2016"
"@Tom38Ts I wanted Trump to be the President in 2012 the country needs Trump to be the next president in 2016"
"@marioraez1: Just came back from Chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! Best looking one in the city. Class and luxury all the way"
"@thembazoko1: "@realDonaldTrump: We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player""
The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
"@mysticmimsy:  @JavaMedic I tcompletely agree. Trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change. #TrumpForPresident."
"@Politcswatch: @realDonaldTrump I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. #foxandfriends"
"@LooneyTunes002: I am tired of @realDonaldTrump thinking about it- just do it. The country is a mess. Politicians will only make it worse."
"@danowiggins: @realDonaldTrump I always enjoy your straight talk. I'm afraid America can't handle the truth." Perhaps so!
The girlfriend of Lubitz the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell
"@CahlRStorrie  Everytime @realDonaldTrump comes to Scotland it's always sunny. It's not often for the sun to be out in Scotland"
"@shepherd_connor Great to see the future president back in Scotland. He is going to make Turnberry a very special place once it's finished!
The road to success is always under construction.-- Arnold Palmer
"@sammybo73392412 @AaronMcAllorum @realDonaldTrump I passed by yesterday while driving down the Whitestone bridge. What a beautiful sight"
"@littlevd23 @AaronMcAllorum @NYC Like anything Mr. Trump puts his name on simply amazing!! The Bronx needed the Trump touch!"  Thanks.
"@CraigHume Off to @ayrracecourse tonight for the @AyrshireChamber dinner. Looking forward to seeing @realDonaldTrump &amp; hearing his speech!
"@DOSMTurnberry Look forward to hosting clients &amp; guests at the Ayrshire Chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker @realDonaldTrump"
"@KellyMorrisLtd  @AyrshireChamber Sad to be missing it. Huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! America's future president"
"@NathanErbland   I agree------&gt; The 2nd Amendment is a right not a privilege! @realDonaldTrump"
Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of the Deal
"@Jeff713Jeffrey @FoxNewsInsider I don't care what anyone says I'll take Trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!"
Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation.-- @jacknicklaus
"@bluesmanSINY  @realDonaldTrump The Donald for President. Big YES! The Country Needs A Leader"
"@paul1994loan  You would be the most straightforward Prez weve ever had. I dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter"
"@Wastehe  @realDonaldTrump @ACCronin8  We need a Trump card in the white house. You can make this country back to the way it was!"
"@AmazinHOF The more I read about @realDonaldTrump the more I want him to be President. His directness &amp; honesty just makes sense."
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
"@BrendanMalakym @realDonaldTrump First time in the fabled #trumphotel Toronto - concierge was amazing &amp; experience is the right word" Thx
Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterday’s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus
"@GreatmakeupKate: @realDonaldTrump @Jdwillms1Jeff Donald Trump is the greatest hope for this country we have"
"@MikePhelps5: Watching Mighty Planes about @realDonaldTrump private B-757. Mr. Trump is THE MAN. He's as impressive as the jet." Thank you.
"@conservmatt: @stevenlas @jimlockwoodshow @realDonaldTrump the Donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. He's America."
"@Jdwillms1Jeff: @realDonaldTrump You are the best choice to turn around the country."
"@josephangel247 @realDonaldTrump So true after reading the Art of the Deal #AMustReadBook #GoodAdvice"
"@Stevieboy_63 @TalkerNewYorker  @5gentexan  Hi Katie let's get Donald Trump in the WH. He's the man to get this country back in order!"
"@Kev_360 @GolfDigest Agree. Especially when @realDonaldTrump @TrumpScotland have the best course and rates going. #bestofthebest"
"@PAW1015: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump please run. You'd take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270"
"@JNOBOA23: @realDonaldTrump this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind!"
"@DebrachoPaola: Donald Trump is the hope of America!  @realDonaldTrump"
"@JustSoldCom: @realDonaldTrump trump has a very good chance at 2016! We need you Mr Trump The US needs you!!"
"@johnhmaddox: Listening to DonaldTrump interview on @SavageNation. He's so far above the rest of the field as a practical realistic leader
"@MichaelEntrekin: At this point every arrow points your way.. We need The Don!! #trumpforpresident We need you sir! Run! #betteramerica"
"@NJunger_19: @realDonaldTrump Ok Ted effing Cruz is running. Come on Donald. For the love of God run. NEVER voted REP but I WILL if u run.
"@brianjohnson4: When you become President who would be the secretary of the Treasury? No one can run a business better that you."
"@raymeem: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump I see Donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic reality.He sees naïveté of America vs China
"@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump Make the announcement June 14th !"
"@belllachay: @realDonaldTrump Please tell me you're going to run for the BIG one...PRESIDENT! USA needs you! #AllTheWay #VoteTrump"
"@ULTIMATE_TREE: @realDonaldTrump Donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do."
"@ArsenalHobbo Just finished watching celebrity apprentice @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause"
"@greigaspinall  @realDonaldTrump great show! Shame we are so behind in the UK. The 2011 season just finished! Well done @johnrich"  Thanks.
"@CahlRStorrie I think @realDonaldTrump is the only reason I watch Fox and Friends. Honest man he is." @foxandfriends
"@JohnFulthorpe: America needs @realDonaldTrump He is the only one who can save us from the Leftie Liberal Fascists. #VoteTrump"
"@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying that you have a productive day. Give God thanks. He gave you the ability to succeed." Thank you.
"@TylerLeeSmit: I found a few of your buildings in Busan South Korea. They're looking clean and beautiful. Keep expanding the empire!"
"@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the quotes today---a month away of starting my own business #helpful"  Good luck.
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
"@RaffleWinner @realDonaldTrump I can't decide if you will be a great President or the GREATEST President! #Trump2016"
Entrepreneurs:  Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like.
"@HORPTyler  While I'll miss the Celebrity Apprentice Season 15 I think it's great that @realDonaldTrump will try for the White House."
"@TalkerNewYorker  I love the Trump Family. They have done so much just in #NYC how lucky other parts get to benefit! #GoodFamily"
"@littlevd23  @rosannascotto  He is what this country needs! Mr.Trump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the USA respectable"
"@aozsvath: @realDonaldTrump Please Run for the president and make America great again. Americans worked too hard to lose their country!!!"
Corey Lewandowski Senior Political Adviser:  "Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness."
"@WillAA99: @realDonaldTrump For The Love of The United States of America don't let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!
"@vinceconley: @realDonaldTrump woohoo! The United States of America President Trump! I like the sound of that! #Trump2016"
"@TheRealHabanero: The thought of you becoming president of the United States is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
"@JoshCalebKing: @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump Trumpy really loves the Irish!"
"@d_mc_cullough: @paddyb_ireland @realDonaldTrump Do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world."
"@SamDoyle12  when discouragement comes in the business what would be your suggestion?" You have to expect problems. Keep moving forward.
"@Jack_P_Ivory  I'm a #trump fan even though I live outside the U.S. but I like what I read and see from him. He takes no BS!"  True!
"@Jack_P_Ivory: @realDonaldTrump is the only person alive who could clean up the mess Obama left us."  True!
"@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump when starting a business what is the most important aspect?" Find work that you love--be passionate about it.
"@StuartY19 @realDonaldTrump Celebrity apprentice is great got right into the series big fan of it now!"  Great!
"@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends My favorite part of the week is listening to you on Monday mornings #morningsarebetterwithfriends
"@EdgeCGroup: Back in #NYC for a HUGE week meeting our partners. Staying at the highly recommended @TrumpSoHo @realDonaldTrump"
"@Dhami98Devin: As a 16 year old young man I am very impressed that I haven't been able to put down 'The Art Of The Deal' Great book!"
Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple but not easy. Focus!
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture.
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
Just as I have been saying for MANY years and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
"@dennis_goins: @realDonaldTrump What are you waiting for? Run! The country needs you! It's now or never! We need leadership!"
"@newhopenchange: Reading The Art of the Deal for the 4th time over 18 years. Motivational and educational in different ways each time."
"@SecondToNONE8: The White House is waiting for you to move in Mr. Trump. @realDonaldTrump"
"@gsspike:  @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews He's the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count."
"@jwil444: @realDonaldTrump @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could"
"@MeetinLongBeach: @TrumpGolfLA @RepostApp @PGAGrandSlam Looking forward to welcoming this event to the Greater #LongBeach area! #MeetinLB"
"@CalhounDeane: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump The Apprentice is SUCH a career saver for so many people!!! #AbsoluteIcon"
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
"@chiyankfred @TrumpDoral  Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great"
"@Sherry09 @realDonaldTrump Please announce that you're running for president soon. We all need some hope for the future!"
"@iamgerg: @realDonaldTrump There’s only one guy with the intellect balls and know how to fix this country…Donald Trump 2016"
"@Warrior_Dave: @photomateme  @jacknicklaus I see it every day from the Whitestone - can't wait to play a round with my CGXs and Airmax's"
"@kenzig:  Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar a repeat overzealous tea partier some Govs...blah"
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint
"@TdavisTonya: Mr. Trump our government is imploding. America needs your strong and honest leadership. Pls 'throw your hat in the ring'!"
"@KRCompanion: If @realDonaldTrump gave a State of the Union address I'd listen. #TheApprentice #Trump"
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
"@JustinKrizel: I can vote in next election. If he runs I will absolutely vote for  DonaldTrump - he's the best candidate out there."
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
"@ricd384: The United States of America needs a real man in the oval office. Mr. Donald Trump America is ready for you. Lets do it'"
"@wisdomsquote: “Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.” – Donald Trump"
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best artAndy Warhol
"@scapesrus  @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral The course looks magnificent !"  Thank you.
"@Tyler_BurkeCRE any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector?" Know your territory.
The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it.
.@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. I’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral
"@SamDoyle12  thx for the RT--what is a good book I can read that can help me in starting my business?" The Art of the Deal and Midas Touch
"@MansfieldRA: The Q Is @realDonaldTrump Going To Run For President. You Will Have My Vote. @realDonaldTrump"
Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader who has played great. Big names hunting!
The harder you work the luckier you get. -- Gary Player
"@spinenumber408: Quality fans bro. “@Stevieboy_63: @realDonaldTrump Go Donaldyour are the one to get this country back. DONALD TRUMP 2016
"@dochubbard62: @realDonaldTrump 2016 - President of the United States of America. God bless and God speed praying for you and the country.
"@HarryPlush: US golf team needs to think outside the box and hire @realDonaldTrump as Captain! Best course owner ever"  THANK YOU!
"@EJ1469: @realDonaldTrump well half of Mexico will see the event because they are here in the USA"
"@DNorrell: @realDonaldTrump we need you in Washington. We've got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle.  VERY TRUE!
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. Ifor one will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya who owes me lots of money Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
"@jlawfriedman: @realDonaldTrump The property and course look spectacular! #trumpworthy"  Thank you!
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
"@jamesmason1: “@realDonaldTrump: We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player”"
"@DanielPokorski: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump You are the epitomy of class" Thanks.
"@mbabramson: @realDonaldTrump Why are you the only candidate who discusses US trade imbalances with other countries? It's important!
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman and win. -- Phil Mickelson
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
"@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump great posts. As a budding entrepreneur I appreciate the quotes"  Great--work hard and good luck!
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
"@adamodell: @realDonaldTrump just wanted to say I am loving the US celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the UK  great show and celebrities!
The Mexican legal system is corrupt as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics.
Put the glamour beauty &amp; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also &amp; most importantly the Oscars need credibility.
I told everybody the Oscars were no good—Nielsen ratings confirmed one of the lowest ratings in history.
The @HuffingtonPost is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism as is gross Arianna Huffington. They don’t report the facts!
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp; why not—they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
"@JPNwrites  The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant. @realDonaldTrump"  True!
"@JCL30 @realDonaldTrump had a run round @TurnberryBuzz Ails this morning. Going to be great when all the changes are finished." Thanks.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
"@brwneyesnbama: I love @realDonaldTrump and the way he will speak the truth regardless. I have so much respect for this man. #hero" Thanks.
The Oscars are a sad joke very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past just plain bad!
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible really BORING!
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
"@ColdMud: "I defy the Belgians or Japanese to produce something like a @realDonaldTrump. If that makes me an exceptionalist I plead guilty
"@BUTTONPUSHER50: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita The only man who can get the US out of trouble. I will spread the word if you will run.
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
"@DbzOptimist: Most people in the US want @realDonaldTrump to Be President...Really Nice. #VoteForTrump"
"@txblondegrad: @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate for president that can beat Hillary and turn this country around." I agree!
"@jodiestir: Watching reruns of the apprentice @realDonaldTrump absolutely love @piersmorgan brilliant!!"
Record setting cold and snow ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show Miss P will be coming to my office this morning.
"@Radiogal505: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Congrats! Excellent season and Leeza for the win! She was an amazing classy competitor."
"@jessibee35: @realDonaldTrump Please don't stay gone to long.You make great T.V. I already miss the show.#Hurryback#NewCast #HelpingCharity
"@GingerzGirl: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr I so loved the tribute. It was just beautiful."
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
"@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President" Thank you.
"@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President"
"@Amit_D_Ranade::Sir thanks for producing The Apprentice. Both the US and the UK shows are a real life management training program. Regards.
Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
"@GarnerVideoPros:  @Bravolebrity1 @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera Can't Wait! The show is already Great!"
"@trufacts_101: @realDonaldTrump @fabiolasellsnj ANYTHING WITH THE #TRUMP NAME IS EPIC"  Thanks.
"@carriejo4ever: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo..he's the man to beat..!"
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
"@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump @MenOfHistory The Art of the Deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general!" Thanks
"@MotAmazeBeGREAT: "Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." - Donald Trump #Inspirational @realDonaldTrump"
"@MotAmazeBeGREAT: "What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate." - Donald Trump
"@FILMBAY_CINEMA: "Experience taught me a few things. Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make." Donald Trump"
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of @ApprenticeNBC Monday night at 8 PM
"@KhanyisaniDlomo: "Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war" - Donald Trump."
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
"@LuckyShaut @realDonaldTrump If I could only read one of your books which one would you recommend?" The Art of the Deal.
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
"@nikkoarganese23: @realDonaldTrump you the truth!! I love you"
Brian Williams who is not the nice guy that people think he is has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!
"@dcfoodsafety: Mr. Trump I am shooting for a Leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye! #celebrityapprentice"
"@Mack_Theresa: Your family is beautiful. This is the 1st season that I have watched #celebrityapprentice. Gosh I hope Leeza wins!"
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod
"@SenorVito9: @realDonaldTrump your contributions to the world are priceless! Thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life! Thank you!"
"@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump @chirofrenzy I'm not because if he runs the White House will be his."
"@DrChimRickles: @JrebstockR  @SarahPalinUSA trump has the nicest hair of any presidential hopeful.Nicest hair=best president. Wow!
"@chirofrenzy: Am flabbergasted your name was brought up in visiting White House in the same sentence as Al Sharpton like Gold &amp; poop"
"@MichaelOpitz: @realDonaldTrump @MollyOgden Thanks for standing up for the truth."
"@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump'S SHOW THE @apprenticenbc IS THE BEST REALITY SHOW ON TV. #Educative #Informative"
"@DrChimRickles: You looked very presidential last night on the telly @realDonaldTrump" Thank you.
"@JJonesTTU: @realDonaldTrump @davidaxelrod @oreillyfactor sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you."
"@singlead: @realDonaldTrump Can't win no matter what the truth is sometimes. . ."
.@davidaxelrod  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal boring!
.@davidaxelrod use Buffet Icahn Sam Zell Leon Black Kravis Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws not me!
Watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
"@Terramarkov16: @Terramarkov16 @realDonaldTrump: I still c Geraldo as The NEW Celebrity Apprentice. #CelebrityApprenticewinner2015"
"@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show! I'm a big fan of Donald Trump. Donald for President. Thanks.
"@alexiskrystina: Love the #celebapprentice flashback! The winners are always the good people who DON'T play dirty. Donald keeps it #classy"
"@JamesSchlosser: When does the next season start? @realDonaldTrump can't end something this good!"
"@realJoeMurray:  #CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show on tv. This season was worth the wait! Now run for president Mr. Trump!"
"@ClayMKopplin: the Celebrity Apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because of @realDonaldTrump and I can't wait for the finale!"
"@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump love the @ApprenticeNBC past fails and successes. You have changed tv for life!"
"@waynebaker056: @realDonaldTrump @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons love the show"
"@VTDiva01: So much respect for Vivica Fox right now WOW! That was by far the classiest move I've ever seen on #CelebApprentice!"
"@rosspelton: @realDonaldTrump Please bring @AnnieDuke back to the show. #Apprentice #Trump #Pokerplayer."
"@_Maira26: @piersmorgan @realDonaldTrump @OMAROSA That was the best TV moment ever!"
"@phlygerl:  @RealityTVBliss @TEB2350 @KenyaMoore "kinda"??? C'mon! You KNOW Kenya is Gone With The Wind Fabulous! Twirl her back on CA!"
"@federicishane: The only reason I want some level of fame is so I can go on The Celebrity Apprentice. And so I wait. @realDonaldTrump"
"@1SimranjitSingh: I am a student myself. I cannot believe that Obama has doubled the interest rate on student loans. Trump for President!"
"@CeeCorrine1: Loving this look back at the Best of #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC ❤️😃"
"@piersmorgan: 'The greatest slaughter in the history of The Apprentice' - @realDonaldTrump on my victory over @OMAROSA #CelebrityApprentice
"@ShortCakesSheep: Yaaaaay @THEGaryBusey on #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump this is the best!"
"@XKidd92:  @LeezaGibbons it's going to be very tough because @GeraldoRivera has the contacts with big money but Leeza deserves it!"
"@debraa27: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews There was no need to embellish his stories. The man was so well respected. Now i can never look at him
"@cdiprima69: Incredible season of the Celebrity Apprentice. Favorite show! The $$ you raise for charities is amazing. #inspirational"
"@beachhome1: DonaldTrump. The problem with Brian Williams on celebrity apprentice is that he'll have miss remembered that he already won
"@XKidd92: @realDonaldTrump definitely rooting for @LeezaGibbons- I think she deserves it the most."
"@StaciAnn: @realDonaldTrump Go @LeezaGibbons . Classiest lady to ever grace the show :)"
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00.
"@CDNRationale: @realDonaldTrump @Newsmax_Media @dpatten32 Time for Trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world the USA!"
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd who has failed so badly with Meet the Press will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
"@EdgarCalderonMX @realDonaldTrump "The Art of The Deal"; one of the best books of real estate written by one of the best Entrepreneurs"
Entrepreneurs:  Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
"@JordanStasi  Mr. Trump as a young sales professional. What one of YOUR BOOKS would you recommend I read?" Start with Art of the Deal.
"@SarahLynEllis: The Donald fired THREE people this past episode 😱 @realDonaldTrump that's why he's the best! #CelebrityApprentice"
Entrepreneurs:  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card not the final score.
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S.
"@omoadesokan: "What matters is where you want to go. Focus in the right direction!" -- Donald @realDonaldTrump #_WojuBeforeYouVote
"@Thameena10: @TODAYshow I'm saying.. @MsVivicaFox really laid down the smack last night!! 😂 had to pick up my jaw! #GhettoFabulous
"@1970Rachael: @crazymamaa  @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump I'm mad @nbc rushed this season they cheated the viewers/celebrities/sponsors"
"@jimdesch23: @realDonaldTrump this is the best Celebrity Apprentice all season. Love someone else is getting fired!!!"
"@UU44M: Just seeing @Joan_Rivers on the @ApprenticeNBC makes me want to cry. @realDonaldTrump"
"@lisalee1917: #CelebrityApprentice LUV LUV LUV that @realDonaldTrump left the clips of Joan Rivers in this season! Thank u!"
"@lanas05: @realDonaldTrump With all drama experience you gain in the boardroom you could start a theatre company. #TheApprentice"
"@nancypa14679248: @realDonaldTrump @Shelly3177 @ApprenticeNBC love the drama"
"@fordmartin33: This Celebrity Apprentice is looking good so far... Can't wait for the boardroom !! @realDonaldTrump"
"@VTDiva01: For the record I think @realDonaldTrump rocks and I would never boycott #CelebApprentice - the entire Trump family is amazing."
"@PharmStudents18: Next president of the United States of America. @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 you've got my vote."
Remember tonight's 8 o’clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @ApprenticeNBC
Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Tonight's episode of @ApprenticeNBC is not only the best episode ever it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
"@AuthorKnox: @ApprenticeNBC Pete Carroll need to be added to the show worst play call in Superbowl History @realDonaldTrump fire his ass!"
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
"@MunichEleven: Won't tiptoe around tough issues others fear! He has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the Boardroom."
"@craig_eaton12: @realDonaldTrump Please run for POTUS Mr Trump. The country needs you more then ever"
"@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait till #tweetgate #celebrityapprentice simply the best!"
"@russiannavyblog: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?"
"@XNVGX: @realDonaldTrump @islandxxgirl we need the real Donald Trump to RUN for president 👍👌"
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing Trump any time soon.
Mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp; they are right—Mitt wouldn’t have won anyway.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on @TripAdvisor!
"@VladimirRussia7  @realDonaldTrump You are the best #billionare and the great teacher!I love your inspiring books!" Thanks and good luck.
"@K9_Bellavia: @realDonaldTrump really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election. Turn us around."
"@DylanC98: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to see the beautiful @TrumpDoral on live TV Mar. 5-8 in the promo the Blue Monster looked stunning!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen apply and move forward. Set the standard!
Surprise @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me!
"@Dadeque: @realDonaldTrump The grey sofa don't match Sir... but It is just my taste." I agree but @IvankaTrump likes it - too bad.
"@seenontv66: When will People magazine finally realize that THE sexiest man alive is Donald Trump! You are sexy and adorable! #gotmyvote" T
"@fantasticharris: @realDonaldTrump loves the @Patriots"
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the @nypost don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said "bull."
Wow I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house standing O best speech! Sad.
"@iPaulyDip: @alexvent13 my idol @realDonaldTrump he's the motivation"
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy especially next 10 years!
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyesa smash! @NBCNews
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed franchise in ruins! @nbc
"@ApprenticeNBC: By the way — you will NOT want to miss #Phonegate next week on #CelebApprentice. That's all we're gonna say."
President Obama our great leader wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the "massive" storm.
Wow the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
As usual the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time energy and money!
"@tinkerbell5999: @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC I guess this is the first family
"@NatalieArdyss: @KenyaMoore don't get on @MsVivicaFox nerves you just join the team #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump kenya a troublemaker"
"@Bigdaddyjohnc: Mr. President when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up? The celebrity apprentice is A perfect show."
"@sammielicious4u: @BrandiGlanville oh and my apologies! How wonderful of @realDonaldTrump to give $25000 to the CGuard. Amazing heart❤️
"@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Hello Mr President! I'm a big fan of your work mate and the show @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice"
"@Bchipper83: All 3 of the Trump men are handsome! Love watching #CelebApprentice! @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump"
"@jbrd77: @realDonaldTrump @anjOapariciO @MUniverso2015 that's the greatest smile EVER President Trump.."
"@realmissalusa: "What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate." @realDonaldTrump 👑✨"
"@Patti_Page: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump One of the many reasons I like the Trumps...each family member is charitable and kind." Thanks
"@KeirAlley: @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Overall this is the best dressed cast ever! 👗👔👚👢 #rhoa"
"@joeracccc17: Watching @ApprenticeNBC! The Trump Family so classy and smart great people  @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr"
"@LucianaLamb: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Nice of you to ask @realDonaldTrump to help the Coast Guard.👍"
"@amyketterer: @BrandiGlanville so sweet asking @realDonaldTrump to give the US Coast Guard money too!!"
"@blazaruk: "RT Where the hell is global warming when you need it?" I dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the GOP in 2016"
"@Chris_R_2014: @GeraldoRivera I'm with @realDonaldTrump  The new WTC is not grand. It should've been much much more grand."
"@auggerdogger: "Screw the terrorists" @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC #TheApprentice"
"@tomtumillo: What is worse Geraldo screaming 'screw the terrorists' or Kenya feeling she's 'fabulous'? #CelebrityApprentice
"@hoban36:  Sig &amp; Johnny Damon are good guys. Met Damon several times last at Eric Trump's St JUDES Event he is always the gentleman."
"@ChandlerHolgate: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump but the man is an excellent businessman. He never gives up.
"@marino_joanna: @realDonaldTrump the hooters cruise is a bust literally"
"@RealityTVBliss: If I was ever on #CelebrityApprentice then I would want to be on the team with @IanZiering. #GivesHisAll @realDonaldTrump
"@NatashaOwnfan: @TheCubicleChick @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Each celeb could pose for photos they can become the theme"
"@OwnageGiraffe:I was watching your commentary on the upcoming Presidential campaign. You're absolutely right about Mitt &amp; Jeb #Donald4Pres"
"@onesoldiersmom:I can't even imagine how great this place would be w/ you at the helm. Thank you for speaking out so forcefully for the USA
"@jonahkeri: @realDonaldTrump YESSSS!!!! Oh Donald Trump you truly are the king of kings."
"@JerryLingle: .@_CFJ_ @BossHoggUSMC @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @GOP Save our nation Tell the GOP Leadership(?!) to shut up and go home..."
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
"@FreidaWashingt: @realDonaldTrump Good morning to you. The pageant was fabulous! Ms USA came so close. Then tonight is Celeb Apprentice.
"@bgoudyGCC: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews  Can't wait to see #SleepyEyes on the next #CelebrityApprentice. Oh wait he would have to be a celeb
"@tarheels31: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews outside of the apprentice hardly anyone watches the obama network... aka @nbc"
Word is that @NBCNews is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
"@marino_joanna: DonaldTrump you would have my vote! It's time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office
"@zoukit1: @realDonaldTrump I have to admit that The Donald would make one heck of a president. Especially with the problems USA is facing.
"@JaniceSaulnier1: Keep trying different hotels while in Vegas so far TRUMP is the easy winner... BY FAR in every way Wow! @realDonaldTrump
"@markmoran_mn: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews would be a shock to have an experienced CEO in the WH rather than incompetent community organizers
"@JayhawkRunner: Good work @RoccoMediate shooting -5 today in the @ChampionsTour event in Hawaii ; sporting the @realDonaldTrump hat.
"@KFRGHeather: Watching Home Alone 2 with the little. Didn't know @realDonaldTrump was on it! Love The Donald!"
"@jackselo: The best phrase @realDonaldTrump has ever said? "We don't need another Bush" Well said!"
"@good_vibration7: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews filipinos love u Mr Trump! you are famous in the Philippines!! we love what u do! thank you"
"@mensamamma: YOU HAVE to run Mr.Trump! YOU are the only person on the roster that can ACTUALLY do the job! PLEASE Please Mr.Trump RUN!"
"@yorkieartist: @Chris_1791 @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump was great - really laid out the problems and the solutions/he @SenTedCruz were best"
Thanks to @SteveKingIA for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp; congrats to @David_Bossie &amp; @Citizens_United on a great success!
"@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump mr. Trump do you have a favorite for the Super Bowl coming up what is your pick? Coach B Brady and Kraft!
"@Sam_Rellim: If Trump ran in 16' it would be the 1st time I could stand by our president since I was old enough to understand politics"
"@DawnLACA: @realDonaldTrump @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs Wishing Trump was the Pres."
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
Just been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @ApprenticeNBC by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
"@Bunyolan: @realDonaldTrump Top5 The 63rd Miss Universe should be #USA #THAILAND #COLUMBIA #SPAIN #JAMAICA #MissUniverse"
"@Stickmissosolog: @realDonaldTrump the top 2 of Miss Universe 2014 should be #Usa and #Colombia"
"@josealfredotel1: @realDonaldTrump I think the best are India Indonesia Malaysia Thailand Japan Dominican Rep. Canada Colombia
"@agtradertalk: Going to go see @realDonaldTrump at the @LandExpo tomorrow last year it was @TBoonePickems" Totally sold out great.
"@LuvCanes: Caught up on @CelebApprentice over the last two nights. @realDonaldTrump You've done it again! Awesome!"
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Congress use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Based on new oil prices the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
"@Missey5Mae: I think if a GOP candidate really wants to win he will name @realDonaldTrump as the chief trade negotiator."
"@Cheflucky23: You have my vote and a volunteer please run we need a President that can bring the pride back in being American!😉"
"@gamoffour: @realDonaldTrump @SassyPantsjj Focus on being the next Prez Donald! we need you!"
"@Lord_Sugar: Can you get me a parking slot at Mar a Lago on Sunday its very busy with the car show meeting @IanJamesPoulter" Yes call me!
"@Nancy_Miracle:  I hope that in my lifetime I will see you deliver a State of the Union address. "President Trump"....i'm ready for it!!!"
"@JayLefkowitz: @Dewarsplz  @fitsnews @SenTedCruz Ted Cruz would be fine as would Huckabee. But Trump would be best and Romney the worst."
"@DallasVercillo: Boys from the hood call me Black Donald Trump #facts" Great.
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago and @SixteenChicago for receiving the @AAANews Five Diamond Award again this year!
"@DJ4Corners: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to the next episode.."
"@ChrissyCmc: @realDonaldTrump I am Loving @BrandiGlanville on the show :) :) she is my favorite. #ApprenticeNBC"
"@OrianaUK: @realDonaldTrump my daughter n I watching #CelebApprentice very inspiration. u r a very humble gentleman love the boardroom.
"@MightyWhimpFarm: @realDonaldTrump It is so unbelievably nice to see @Joan_Rivers on the @TheApprentice9! #CelebApprentice"
"@Eryn3043: It was so great to see Joan Rivers back on my TV screen truly miss her 💜 Thank you DonaldTrump. I love watching The Apprentice
"@jerrimoore: @realDonaldTrump awesome. A treat to get to see the brilliant Joan Rivers once more #icon"
"@AmandaGeorge22: @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump you did awesome ! Loved the challenge !!"
"@welolawants: 💔😔Bittersweet to see the very missed &amp; very talented @Joan_Rivers on @TheApprentice9. @realDonaldTrump"
"@lolabeauty33: @realDonaldTrump I love watching the two episodes in one! #CelebApprentice"
"@marybrittles:  Joan is one of the greats. Wonderful to see her on #TheApprentice for the last time. God bless you Ms Rivers."
"@CarolinasToday: @realDonaldTrump do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom?"  Not often!
"@IvankaTrump: Btw this is a @CelebApprentice first–I announced the project winner! @realDonaldTrump how did I do?" Great!
"@TheStangShow: @realDonaldTrump you the man! You can never be too young to be a fan of you! #donaldtrumprocks" Thanks.
"@HoganSeaisle129: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Joan_Rivers beautiful tribute to the fabulous Joan rivers and Ivanka
"@Madisonbb11: @realDonaldTrump The theme song NEVER gets old. #CelebrityApprentice"
"@Dm1one: Not feeling well today but I must take the time 4 #CelebrityApprentice &amp; #JoanRivers #CelebApprentice Great Season!
"@RealityTVBliss: Tune into #CelebrityApprentice at 8 PM EST on #NBC with the beautiful &amp; smart @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump"
"@abbydNYC: “@realDonaldTrump: The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
"@notTeridax: hey @realDonaldTrump you'd be the best president ever if you ran right now you're hotter than ever!
"@Mr_Babble: "@BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Whether it's the original or celebrity versionI love @ApprenticeNBC.""
"@pjleger: @realDonaldTrump In my opinion this is the best season of The Celebrity Apprentice!!"
"@MuaRia_: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the Miss Universe Pageant! Hopefully another Latina takes the crown. 💃👑"
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
"@BJKizer74:DonaldTrump Why do we keep putting the same people on the Republican ticket for POTUS? Romney? Bush? Cruz? Paul? #YourTimeIsNow"
"@caejh: Got out of class and immediately turned Donald Trump on as loud as I could. It's the weekend"
"@BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Whether it's the original or celebrity versionI love @ApprenticeNBC."
"@JasonPruett1: @realDonaldTrump Ready for a new eppisode of The Celebraty Apprentice! #yourfired #trumprocks"
"@dpc1975: I will never get a reply but @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. #TCA15 is the best show on tv right now."
"@engy20: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be one of the great Presidents! Admiration and respect from Canada Mr. Trump!" Thanks.
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars and she is and does GREAT!  Next Monday night at 8:00
"@Bernardv777: I always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts w/o merit Mr.President!"
"@natswish: @realDonaldTrump The country needs to be run like a business. No better person for the job than you!"  I agree thanks.
Despite what the haters and losers like to say I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW the preeminent gaming company Caesars just did.
"@smileygirl2328: @IanZiering love u on The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump"
"@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President! Big fan of the #CelebrityApprentice  @realDonaldTrump"
"@KimJongSean: @realDonaldTrump this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election would love to see you on the ballot!"
"@melissabxny: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the new ferry point park course to open" Will be great.
"@gregg7493: Need democrats out so I hope republicans and tea party don't split the votes come election time. PS love the Apprentice"
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited the magazine would have folded - no money no success!
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the "satirical" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
"@jdm_jennifer: @realDonaldTrump wow Monday is going to be a good one! you had to be one of the last people to work with Joan Rivers."
"@Inception_E: “Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.”
"@TheDeckerFiles: @realDonaldTrump people are talking about you running for the prez.
"@mrkblds: @northwesternsig @DonaldJTrumpJr   Sig's just layin in the cut sizin em up &amp; lettin his pots soak! All bizz! GOOOO HAWKS!!"
"@KenyaMoore:I don't know what's more intimidating going in the boardroom with DonaldTrump or being judged by @IvankaTrump and @Donald Jr
#CelebApprentice  What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
"@De__deVries: @realDonaldTrump heading to #Miami to watch the @MissUniverse all the way from Australia !!! can't wait 😘"
"@mattygeorge: #CelebApprentice is back! 1st episode on now in Australia! Love the boardroom drama so good raising $$ for charity"
"@SnoBurd: Here's an idea: Why don't DonaldTrump and @MittRomney run on the same ticket instead of running against each other?" No thanks!
"@AmandaJ1981: Watching episode 1 of the new season of The Apprentice in Melbourne Australia! It's Boardroom time!! Love this show!!"
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
"@TJoanides: @realDonaldTrump I have a huge problem with the Celebrity Apprentice. It's only on once a week! #BingeViewer" Sorry!
"@CunninghamNY: Im on board for a @realDonaldTrump presidency! The man knows what he's talking about!"
"@The_Life_Of_DG: @realDonaldTrump you know how to lead! That's what the people need!!"
"@skinner5569: @piersmorgan @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @MarkBurnettTV Mickey Rourke R U going on The Apprentice?"
"@mills0210: @terrellowens what the celebrity apprentice &amp; as a Cowboy fan I'm rooting for u!!! 💕 @realDonaldTrump"
The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
"@jewmoney5280: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo Rivera is the Gary Busey of this season of #CelebrityApprentice"
"@run: Can you really argue withDonaldTrump view that an individual has the right to defend self &amp; family when life is directly threatened?
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
"@Carastarey: So glad The Celebrity apprentice is back!! I love this show. @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC"
"@_Snurk: We need @realDonaldTrump to save the day! We're not worryin' at all bc Donal Trump is ON THE WAY 2016!! Listen for his call!"
"@d_bunzz: @realDonaldTrump The donald looking good in the red tie on David letterman #VoteRed #2016"
"@_castoz: @realDonaldTrump should be president of the united states"
"@MarkWeinzierl: Love that @realDonaldTrump is one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the #2ndamendment!"
"@b0923ef3dd5d46c Wow! Thx Donald! You said it like it is.....who would of thought you you were out for the blue collar....poor people....."
"@daxdav21: Say what you will about @realDonaldTrump the man is not only a business &amp; political expert but he truly loves his country!
"@HeelsGunner: Watched @realDonaldTrump on The Late Show talk fiscally responsible politics we need more of that in this country!"
"@XimenaFansNR: @ximenaNR @realDonaldTrump Of course she is the BEST! No one will ever be better than she 💗"
"@StacyRippy: @realDonaldTrump Darn it! If only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation! #2a BUT THEY DON'T"
"@lordmackie1: @realDonaldTrump just caught up on the celeb apprentice AND IM HOOKED. GERLADO IS A MANIAC AND I LOVE IT AND YOU"
"@Nnogemane: @realdonaldtrump just watched y interview-the economic club. Great interview!!" Thanks.
"@Christ_Step: @realDonaldTrump 2016 better be the year first year I'll be able to vote and we need a money mastermind like you in office.
"@DuttyVal202: “@realDonaldTrump: It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming we need some fast!”
"@FrobBedrickson: @realDonaldTrump love the #CelebrityApprentice! Absolutely 100% gold!"
Fact – the tighter the gun laws the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming we need some fast!
"@SparkleAWin: Besides U I think @IvankaTrump would be a great choice as the 1st woman President. Very business savy like her dad"
"@kencee11: We need you to run for POTUS. we need a REAL American one with the same values that built this country.. GO TRUMP 2016 !"
"@Daniel_Stephan_: @realDonaldTrump We need you in the white house Donald. Somebody's gotta get this country back on track! #Trump2016"
"@salomey5: LOL RT @realDonaldTrump: "@DEmeryTaylor: @realDonaldTrump The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!""
"@jackievandyck: @realDonaldTrump I get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016. I hope you're on the ballot"
"@BNicehouse: @realDonaldTrump we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man! #trump2016"
"@CazeauHue: @realDonaldTrump @JoshuaDummer you'll be the best president for USA"
"@DEmeryTaylor: @realDonaldTrump The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!"
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
Almost no news organizations are showing the "satirical" pictures. Gee I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!
"@japple8686: @My3Alexandra @realDonaldTrump cop was unarmed watch the news"
I would like to thank @GolfMagazine for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
Isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Congratulations to new Congressman @leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
"@BHANKS26: @realDonaldTrump kevin jonas was the man on #CelebrityApprentice I would love to see him come back on!" He will.
"@misstetu: I love how easily @realDonaldTrump sees through the bull every-single-time. #respect #CelebrityApprentice"
"@CoolLukeHH: A shame that @kevinjonas got fired from the #CelebApprentice! Would like to see him come back! @realDonaldTrump"  HE WILL!
"@AgeGrilli35: @realDonaldTrump if I were American id vote for Donald - greatest man on the planet"
"@kpdelbridge: YOU MIGHT- JUST BE -THE BEST PRESIDENT -TO COME ALONG THIS WHOLE DAM- CENTURY BUT THATS UP TO YOU? @realDonaldTrump" Thanks.
"@gfmete: @realDonaldTrump @LAWeightLoss @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC No one outsmarts the boss!"
"@KyleSBaxter:  I've been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. And I knew Kevin and Gilbert would get the axe."
Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans last night’s @ApprenticeNBC topped all the demos &amp; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere.
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowd—sold out venue. @LandExpo @PeoplesCompany
.@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in he would not have been fired.
Wow despite the switch to Monday night @ApprenticeNBC ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
"@stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi"
"@crazymamaa: @realDonaldTrump @alexpattillo that's a great book .. The art of the deal."
"@milachka10: @realDonaldTrump great show this season....luv the back to back episodes..great cast this time"
"@misstyraj: @Queen_James_22 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC maybe Kate needs to go but Kenya doesn't. The boardroom is where Kenya shines.
"@cyber1980: @realDonaldTrump @todaysrealmusic @ApprenticeNBC @nbc great show better than the wwe lol"
"@alexpattillo: Just completed The Art of the Deal. Written the year I was born and its principles still apply today. Very inspiring!"
"@stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi"
"@AliceSLeuck: @ApprenticeNBC Join the lean scene with @luvoinc You exercise and #Luvo a heathy trio... Agreed 100% w/two U fired tonight"
"@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump  @GeraldoRivera is the male version of @OMAROSA from 7 years ago! #JustSaying #CelebrityApprentice
"@strongvoice: @realDonaldTrump Shawn was absolutely right. Bringing up the why was trashy. imho VERY trashy. #CelebApprentice"
"@SONYGYRL: @realDonaldTrump @tlp_trac @terrellowens no gilbert wasn't good. he cant be focused on the product more interested in a laugh"
"@25whitney: I like the Bachelor but @ApprenticeNBC is getting all the love on Mondays! Best of 2015 #CelebApprentice  @IvankaTrump #NBC"
"@jules1327: The women rule tonight on #CelebApprentice - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week! @IvankaTrump
"@missalliecat @BrandiGlanville I love the way you don't take any crap from @KateGoselin.I can't wait to hear you say "Kate you're fired"!"
"@Christybelle14: DonaldTrump it's has to be so hard to keep personal feelings out of the boardroom. Love how you call the bs @TheApprentice
"@sexy_keesh: Well damn @realDonaldTrump got straight to the point didn't ya? #CelebApprentice"
"@JayeDaVaughn: Currently:_ @realDonaldTrump stirs the pot lmao @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice"
"@AmandaJoCountry @realDonaldTrump He just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other which I find funny"
"@Mymustang1964: @realDonaldTrump this season of the #CelebrityApprentice is off to a great start!"
"@theresanov68: @realDonaldTrump love the show"
"@AmandaJoCountry: Celebrity Apprentice is back! I love @realDonaldTrump! Who is going to be the @GaryBussey of the season? #CelebApprentice
"@Aquila7: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo Rivera the Hispanic omarosa"
"@PascalMahvi: @realDonaldTrump well The Donald already knows who is going. Kevin I feel for you !"
"@CandiceBiscoe: @realDonaldTrump the boardroom is jaw dropping"
"@apseloff: @realDonaldTrump Did you know before the show how immature and confrontational Geraldo was?"
"@RockyRoad_: Kate's Brain "The Lights Are On And No Ones Home!"😳 #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice #TheApprentice @realDonaldTrump👔"
"@ElcaminoJesus: @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump Your behavior is awful. You need to dial down the arrogance!"
"@DebraJosephine: @MsVivicaFox is perfect for the commercial awesome! @CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump"
"@JustinJGraff: Who does Geraldo think he is the worlds most famous man?! He's driving me insane #CelebrityApprentice #pleasegetfired
"@jbeanLLL: @realDonaldTrump you're the best! Can't imagine where you find the time!" Thank you.
"@Ant #CelebApprentice is starting now don't miss @realDonaldTrump and the hidden gem who's already underestimated the amazing @RealGilbert"
"@scottlara1961: @realDonaldTrump Watching the Celebrity Apprentice"
"@AndrewJThom: @realDonaldTrump why does The Apprentice intro still show your 727? You should show that gorgeous 757!!!!" You are right.
"@nancysperico: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @MsVivicaFox @LeezaGibbons @nbc Love the glasses. A sophisticated look!"
"@YMcTier: @realDonaldTrump Watching tonight's New episode! @YMcTier feels this 1 will be Good like All the rest @nbc"
"@MindOfMcN: @Chrisgraham101 RT  TTonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of The Apprentice are on at 8 &amp; 9. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!"
"@mccull0817: @realDonaldTrump @ShawnJohnson calls the show evil and that is FUN??"
"@Nightingalicing: @californguy @ApprenticeNBC @Andy @Bravotv The ONLY reason I'm watching network tv tonight😉 is @BrandiGlanville".
Remember tonight (Monday) the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
"@tokindaddy: @realDonaldTrump your the man Don. All the best..."
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things including The Apprentice!
"@BJohnson683: @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump the first show of #CelebApprentice was amazing. Can't wait to see next week's episode."
"@tmh813: @realDonaldTrump prove that you actually control this account and I will tell everyone I know about the show #takeaselfie
"@RRodriguez62: @realDonaldTrump First time I watched the start of the season. Enjoyed the show will tune in tomorrow night."
"@ShortCakesSheep: I am rooting for @RealGilbert @kevinjonas but if I was on the #Apprentice I would call my friend @limbaugh to help"
"@DanaDelikat:  @ApprenticeNBC. Surprised how accurate and likable the Jonas brother is pointing out Heraldo's #bighead #big #ego poster"
"@ACLrecoveryCLUB: @realDonaldTrump I know you went back and forth w/ Cuban - I'm convinced @ApprenticeNBC is the best show on tv!"
"@CeeCee928:  @MsVivicaFox PLS NOT @BrandiGlanville OR @KenyaMoore JUST BCUZ U R DRAMA DOESNT MEAN U SHOULD hEARN THE TITLE OR PRAISE"
"@axpeters17: @kevinjonas is the one to beat on @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice"
"@JulieMyra: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump you go. Love your spirit. F the haters"
"@rachelredl: Ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump"
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
"@iiarwatch: @realDonaldTrump You fired the right woman tonight. Kenya &amp; Brandi each must go. The lowest of the low."
"@sweetiee1s: @sweetiee1s: @ACTUALLYDOMINIC @realDonaldTrump @peachespulliam I agree. Kate needed the boot. Her time will come"
"@irwin171: #CelebApprentice just turned me into a @kevinjonas fan. Love the new season!! @realDonaldTrump"
"@luvsleopard2: @billybush @realDonaldTrump the music always gives it such a dramatic effect😱"
"@UglyWewe: Love @realDonaldTrump asking @BrandiGlanville for the truth! He knows he'll get it!"
"@NicoleAMarin: Mondays are about to become my favourite night of the week! #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
"@keithwmcandrew: Who will @realDonaldTrump fire?!? Will there be a #catfight in the boardroom?!? @ApprenticeNBC #CelebrityApprentice
"@Christine_8888: @realDonaldTrump Brandi for the win!!"
"@ArizonaNFLFan: .@realDonaldTrump I love celebrity apprentice. The storylines are much better than NFL playoff football."
"@MNBosstom: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump I really needed to watch the Apprentice tonight!! Great show!! Motivates me!! #CelebApprentice
"@eyetweethere: @realDonaldTrump best part of the show"
"@rchunter: @realDonaldTrump tells the guys go back to @TrumpTowerNY and watch if you want to it won't be pretty. #CelebApprentice"
"@Jwundy: The iconic "You're fired" is coming @realDonaldTrump can't wait."
"@michaelsdevine: Can't wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off! #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump"
"@CrueBabe: @realDonaldTrump I love the boardroom. Awkward atmosphere right now. #CelebApprentice"
"@Jwundy: Kevin is bringing it in the boardroom @kevinjonas @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump"
"@Terramarkov16: @Terramarkov16 @realDonaldTrump: I think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team. Respect. #Apprentice"
"@jonas_brotha: @realDonaldTrump @KenyaMoore just goes for the throat"
"@salans77: @realDonaldTrump great boardroom so far. Love the tension"
How do you like the boardroom so far?
"@Prochekhomeinsp: Would be the greatest start to the new Year that I could ever imagine!!! Happy New Year Mr. Trump and Team!!!"
"@amiguiza: @realDonaldTrump I believe in Kevin Jonas!!! he's the best #TeamKevin #AskKevin"
"@thatsoundstasty: The baby in the background got hit in the face with flying pie! #poorthing #DidYouSeeThat #CelebApprentice
"@SennieC: @realDonaldTrump all the athletes are doing great!"
"@remember91808: @RealGilbert and @kevinjonas are the best things about this season of @ApprenticeNBC: Can we keep them around until the end
"@Jwundy: I admire how @kevinjonas is holding himself in the boardroom #TeamKevin @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump"
"@ACTUALLYDOMINIC: @kevinjonas is on #celebapprentice??? that's it @realDonaldTrump you have a winner... #askkevin #teamkevin all the way
"@biggangVH1: @realDonaldTrump love the show! #CelebApprentice"
"@TGambinoVent: #CelebrityApprentice @KenyaMoore go home please! @realDonaldTrump plez help! Love the show but she's trying to be @OMAROSA
"@CarrieOn2014: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi is the BEST!!!!! She deserves it all! #CelebrityApprentice"
"@mariadomenique9: The mens team has better flavors of pies. Interested to see who wins! #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump"
"@JoseMar87531474: Watching @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump is the man..."
"@TheReader23: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi for the win"
"@mumlvs2run: @Kateplusmy8 You look fab! They were so lucky to have you in the kitchen 😉 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Go Kate Go!"
"@SarahLynEllis: I'm loving this Celebrity Apprentice season!@realDonaldTrump @ShawnJohnson @IvankaTrump The Donald is the best! #YoureFired
"@MichaelMPierce: Watching @ApprenticeNBC for the first time ever. Love it so far! @realDonaldTrump"
"@ApprenticeNBC: "Nobody wants to be the first one fired." Isn't that the truth @realDonaldTrump. #CelebApprentice" VERY SAD TO BE FIRST.
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on NBC.
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
"@PamelaDunfee: @BillRancic @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait to watch The New APPRENTICE NBC @ 9:00 pm tonight."
"@cinna33: @MrSilverScott @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump @JSKibler Yeah! Bring on/down the gauntlet"
"@ChrisJPMac: Really looking forward to the Premier of The Apprentice tonight at 9PM EST on NBC.Such a well executed and captivating show.
"@JanzenErika: @BillRancic  @ApprenticeNBC Thank you for reminding me watch/ set my pvr for The Apprentice tonight! Thank you Bill."
"@emilyplacido: @realDonaldTrump @BernieSandner @ApprenticeNBC Me too!!!! #TeamLeeza all the way!!! @LeezasCareCafe is a wonderful charity!!
"@JSKibler: @MrDrewScott @MrSilverScott we need to get you all on the @celebapprentice with the @realDonaldTrump. #unstoppable #makeithappen
"@wristbridge: Just set my DVR for The Apprentice. Let's go @realDonaldTrump"
"@PamKing8628: @mikerandcom @realDonaldTrump @LeezaGibbons @IanZiering #TeamLeeza to the finish line!!"
"@patjeanes: @realDonaldTrump Im sure the show will be great but you need to get on the campaign trail" Watch!
"@RustyHook2:  @ApprenticeNBC I just watched the "tease" on you tube. TerrellJohnny and Kate won't be there for long. We will see..."
"@rona65: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @nbc good luck on your umpteenth season from the show Producer of show 1"
"@yurdreamwoman: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump would be great to have Obama on his show so the Don can fire his arsss"
"@fenway315: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @RealGilbert Is the fucking man !"
"@BernieSandner: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I'm ready for the show tomorrow night."
"@The_Paul08: It's almost here finally!!!! The new Celebrity #Apprentice premiers tomorrow on @nbc! @realDonaldTrump #excited"
"@LeezaGibbons: “@KellyMcKayShow: @LeezaGibbons @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump already set the DVR for Sunday and Monday. #TVgeek”
"@TrudyUnis: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug our country need something. Never seen so much division as the last  years."
"@LmechX: @realDonaldTrump The Art of the Deal is a great read filled with excellent real advice. Definitely worth a read."
"@aanders07: @realDonaldTrump I am actually excited for the weekend to be over so I can watch The Celebrity Apprentice! Can't wait!" Enjoy!
"@JayRav3: @realDonaldTrump What is the best book for real estate? I want to get into the business." TRUMP THE ART OF THE DEAL!
"@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump You are a good Christian! You are right! Also you should be Presedent! The sooner the better! #TRUMP"
"@ArrestJOEPA: @realDonaldTrump trump kicked Rosie's ass he kicked penn states ass he would totally kick the democrats ass!!! #trump2016"
I just saw the movie "Unbroken" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.
"@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump: Trump University was exceptionally highly rated. Get the facts straight!"
"@RunningDeep67: @UniqueCaptures Too strong? Point out a time in America's history where it was good to have a PUSSY in the White House!"
"@MorrisFrance: Excited for the Miss Universe! Hi @realDonaldTrump 👋👋"
"@StevenCena35: @realDonaldTrump look awesome in Home Alone 2 lost New York you look great in the movie today in @ABCFamily"
"@diannelea1958: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @ChannelGuide I love the cast this season."
"@JoshHadleySays: @realDonaldTrump @dungyots Yes a sequel to one of the biggest hits of 1990s who knew."
"@diannelea1958: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @ChannelGuide So excited for this season." It may be one of the best and most vicious ever.
"@archangeljf12: @realDonaldTrump Palm Beach is one of the greatest places in the World to Live!  #TrumpPOTUS2016 #HappyNewYear
"@SparkleAWin: @realDonaldTrump So excited for a New Year &amp; new Celeb Apprentice! Can't wait to see The Trumps back in The Boardroom!"
"@archangeljf12:  ;@realDonaldTrump for President of the United States! @SenTedCruz Vice President ;A #WinningTicket2016 #TrumpCruz2016"
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
"@LLAnkers: DonaldTrump  it's a shame the left try so hard to tear you down. You could be a great leader for our nation. Keep it up Trump!
"@MarcAardvark: @realDonaldTrump @ronmeier123 One of the best things I bought in 2014: @realDonaldTrump ties @Macys @amazon"
"@JaayZen: @grandmiapens He has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around! Run! Don't let us hit the iceberg!"
"@teamconquerca: First time in the"Trump International Hotel and Tower" and it's absolutely gorgeous!! Thank-You sir! Excellent hospitality
"@ronmeier123: @Macys Your APPAREL is UNPARALLELED! In Order to OUTSMART the Rest You Always Need to Be Looking Your Best! TRUMP 2016!"
"@gillule4: @realDonaldTrump incredible experience at the world famous Mar A Lago Club😄happy New Year"
"@JobSnarechs: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump" So true!
"@djspookyshadow: Feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. Sincerely wishing u more success to come!
In the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
Without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
"@SellingVA: "@realDonaldTrump: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.""
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Where’s the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up @GOP!
"@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump @rinibobusepi Mr. Trump will you consider running for President? The country needs you."
"@ronmeier123 @bryabntshirley1 Even the Elf On The Shelf is STARTING to get Restless! On JANUARY 4th the APPRENTICE is going to be Great!"
"@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump You are the kindest heart in all of USA. You give SO much to us &amp; you forgive the haters &amp; loosers!"
"@VeryOddDog: What's BRUTAL is a nation WITHOUT the vision interpid leadership &amp; PLAIN COMMON SENSE of @realDonaldTrump for PRESIDENT!"
"@VRafaaa: @realDonaldTrump What grade 1-10 you give to the reign of Gabriela Isler ??? Greetings from Brazil!  She gets a solid 10!
"@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump we need your kind of art. The world needs more of your Poetry of Profit. A TRUE artist!"
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
"@RamonAtila: I enjoyed your book 'Think like a Billionaire' for the second time. You give very practical advice and it really helps"
"@Paulynesian: You got to love @realDonaldTrump ...enjoyed his inspiring words...all the way from Down Under!"
"@F_Anne_Spears: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Always enjoy your common sense. Wish the ones in office would use theirs."
"@MarkFleming22: @realDonaldTrump Is there any particular celebrity you would want to have on The Apprentice?" Pete Rose &amp; let him in Hall!
"@TheOnlyCdorsey: Wearing the @realDonaldTrump signature collection today #lookgoodfeelgoodscangood"
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?  Tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15.
"@hwpal: @realDonaldTrump Voting for DonaldTrump16 is voting for the essence of being American &amp;the value of great capitalism #trump16"
"@coolwillie13: @realDonaldTrump You'll definitely carry the South. Go for it! #Trump2016"
"@AnnieDrews: @followdotch @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Love that show. Hope I'm out of the hosp in time to catch the premiere."Get well!
"@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president #WeNeedYou"
"@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president #WeNeedYou" Thanks.
"@truckncargirl:  @fionacarterr Trump is the #candidate in #2016. #strong #leaderwho is #opinionated and #fearless Need to #vote #Trump2016"
"@Michiganman567: @ronmeier123 @lookupfolks I would like to see @realDonaldTrump in the debates. His America first ideas need to be heard"
"@grantwgates: @ESPNCaddie @TrumpDoral I made birdie on #8 last month. Enjoy that back nine. Great stretch at the end! #TrumpDoral"
"@LizMPizz: Off to stay at the trump chicago.. End of the holidays dinner with the fam. @realDonaldTrump @ChicagoCut"
"@benfromdallas: @realDonaldTrump 2016 President. The world needs a real business man. Not a political putter from the Bush ward"
"@dk_barnes1: #NowReading @realDonaldTrump 's Trump: The Art of the Deal 📖"
"@ItIsJohnDoe: Merry Christmas Mr But this country can't have a TRULY merry Christmas until you are in the Whitehouse (as our President)"
"@frankdimauro: @realDonaldTrump is a great businessman. I learned so much from The Art of the Deal. Best of luck!"
"@SukhyJaveed: Merry Christmas would one like to give the gift of mentoring? I'm building my empire &amp; you certainly know how to build them"
"@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump is Xmas present I want 2016! Not just a Happy Holiday! The MOST IMPORTENT day in the world if #TRUMP is PREZ!"
"@benfromdallas: If i tweet anything in 2015 it should be @realDonaldTrump for President if the World wants to see another 20 years.
"@garyleelogan1: @realDonaldTrump ...I HEARD YA MIGHT RUN IN 2016....WE THE PEOPLE NEED A PRESIDENT..NOT ONE LIKE OWEBUMMA !"
"@Cyrus_T_Virus: The only thing I asked for as Xmas gifts this year are a @realDonaldTrump presidential campaign and a BOFA! #Trump2016"
"@itsRyanHilton: @realDonaldTrump Marry Christmas to the future President of the United States!  Well America would be great again. Thanks.
"@ChampagneGlam: @politico @realDonaldTrump Card was the best"
"@ashtonjfloyd: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas thank you for all of the motivation you have given me in life. You are a very inspiring man
"@vivianbrown21: @realDonaldTrump A BIG job to Recover from this Administration.... Around the World! ! Merry Christmas to you &amp; family! !"
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day year and life! The World with great leadership will become a much more beautiful place!
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
"@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Always admired you. You are the man who'll fight for the American Dream!
"@alangnahz: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on I have been waiting for the day to vote you for president ever since I read The Art of The Deal"
"@MattTemplin: @realDonaldTrump I'm waiting for the day I can put a check mark next to your name for president."
"@BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Wishing you Happy Holidays. Can't wait for the #CelebrityApprentice to start in January."
"@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump is the Man! He get's things DONE! America is LOST &amp; DONALD TRUMP is the Savior we have all been praying for!"
"@LucyJen33: @realDonaldTrump Very excited for the new season of Apprentice. A very diverse group of individuals."
"@Garrett__Cox: Mr. TRUMP very excited for the new season of The Celebrity Apprentice! Incredible show always top level television"
"@Max_Dub12: Still one of my all time favorite cameos. "Down the hall and to the left" @realDonaldTrump #HomeAlone #classic"
"@MIKEOLMUSIC:I absolutely love your family Mr. Trump. I'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. Can't wait to see the next season"
"@TangoEchoAlpha: @realDonaldTrump ..who the F is Bill Maher?" Nobody really!
"@MIKEOLMUSIC:  Celebrity Apprentice. I hope NBC has all the episodes online since I got rid of my lousy ass rip off Time Warner Cable."
"@Henrylewski: @realDonaldTrump I hope in the next couple of years I can call you. Mr. President."
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic bloated &amp; gone!
"@linsey_gile: Wise words spoken by Donald Trump: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war."
"@MATAblets: "Without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing"-Donald Trump Lean from the best!
"@Its_TSize: Never realized that @realDonaldTrump was in Home Alone 2 the man does everything #Trump2016"
"@CPcoasterguy94: Always caught off guard when @realDonaldTrump makes the appearance in Home Alone 2 😄"
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
"@Bernardv777: @realDonaldTrump @AplemonLemon You would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! An American citizin that really cares!
"@denn: DonaldTrump has one of the best twitters out there. love him or hate him the man 'gets it'. very important for modern leaders IMO."
"@SUSANANDREWS12: “Can't wait RT @ApprenticeNBC: “It’s the nastiest I’ve ever seen.” — @RealDonaldTrump on this season of #CelebApprentice"
"@EyedUsa: @realDonaldTrump You are the only man to save America!
"@Etownsend739: Mr. Trump today is my birthday. My wish is for you to run for president and get this country headed in the right direction"
"@ChristopherCud1: @realDonaldTrump you are the best republican for the job. Your the only one clean you need no one's money.
"@ChristopherCud1: @realDonaldTrump FORGET THE REST  NO ONE IS UP TO SPEED ON THIS RUN FOR PRESIDENT BUT YOU. SO TAKE IT FROM THE BABYS !!!
"@JebBushIsAIdiot: The Only Candidates I Would Vote For President In 16 Are @SenRandPaul Or @realDonaldTrump"
"@FeyerWoman74: You sir are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. We need a proven businessman who is a born leader!"
"@000HermanSJr000: @GolfDigest Richly deserved #Trump.Looking forward to grander news in 2015.You are the epitome of inspiration.
"@JJ55334767: @realDonaldTrump please save the United States of America. I know you can get the country back on the right track again"
"@VeryOddDog: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs in 2016! We need new blood and Mr Trump is the one to do it! You will have my vote Sir!"
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
Romney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bush’s Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp; expecting a different result.
If only Obama would treat @IsraeliPM @netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange &amp; dangerous for our national security.
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. He’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
"@WartenbergHans  @JoshuaBlack2014 One of the many things I admire about you Mr. Trump is that you aren't afraid to speak your mind." True!
The movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.  @SonyPictures
"@Jhauganiii: Sounds gr8 MT @jennyrogersDC: Jose Andres to run the primary restaurant at @realDonaldTrump 's Old Post Office hotel.
"@dxdelafu: RT @realDonaldTrump: THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! Or another Clinton."
"@EileenJael: @realDonaldTrump @Carrienguns Do you think the Bushes knew Justice Roberts was going to pull an ObamaCare stunt like that?
After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
I can’t believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. He was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Obama attacks the CIA for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!
“See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.” – Trump Never Give Up
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres the politicians whine!
"@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @chadj19 Country needs to rise &amp; be great again! So we need great men &amp; leaders at the top!!" True!
"@dpinsen: @realDonaldTrump America needs to be renovated like the Wollman Rink - and you're the man to do it."
"@RomeroRobbins:  @Blarescape3 @foxandfriends Mr Trump you could return America's business respectability &amp; viability with the world!" EASY!
"@NCconserv: @realDonaldTrump great at explaining the ignorance of Obama anti-America administration on @FoxNews! #tcot #RedNationRising
"@DavideBergstein @AllenWest A much needed Trump/West ticket. Opposite of our 'president' 2 straight talkers who understand the enemy/world
"@gabriellamileti: "She should be terminated for being stupid." Best quote of the day from THE  @foxandfriends #betterwithfriends"
"@Sailing_J: @realDonaldTrump you just made me laugh. The Sony women is stupid for calling Al Charlatan"
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
"@Jetsbb: @realDonaldTrump That win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. A very bleak day for the @nyjets" I agree!
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
"@888maggie888: @ApprenticeNBC I want to see @realDonaldTrump ! He has the best hair in the biz you know! His wife is  amazing too!"
"@KingOf_Class: @realDonaldTrump hey Donald...in love with Trump Tower on 5th avenue during the holidays!"
"@Gdestefano95: Anyone else like to see Trump in office? He's an American patriot with real experience and a huge stake in the economy!
"@hersheyKISSling: I'd have to say that @realDonaldTrump has one of the best accounts on Twitter"
"@tray24u1: "@realDonaldTrump: If America was under the threat of imminent attack would Obama use torture or a kiss?"
“Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.”- Ronald Reagan
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal waythe report on torture should be the least of our concerns
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh then want to sell us the bodies for $1000000. We fight over sleep deprivation!
These Islamists chop Americans’ heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA not persecuting them.
If America was under the threat of imminent attack would Obama use torture or a kiss?
"@The_Lady_Colors: @realDonaldTrump @itsRyanHilton He would be the very best of what this country needs today!"
"@BenTrawlins: @realDonaldTrump Hitting the Ice over at @TrumpRink ! World Class!!"
"@PianoBecca: This is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in History Napolion Alexander the Great Richard ect DonaldTrump rules!
Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard hit them fast hit them often &amp; then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
Obama &amp; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at us—they think we are fools!
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. And never give up!
"@M_Sallis: @realDonaldTrump what is the completion date for the #VancouverProperty #TrumpVancouver"  Soon!
"@KillianZane: I'll be the vp for @realDonaldTrump when he is president" You would be better than what we have now!
"@NathanGC: @realDonaldTrump Saw the trailer for Apprentice... Bring it on!"
"@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I always enjoy your calls to the Howard Stern show. When can we expect your next one?" Soon!
"@jimrobbins1973: DonaldTrump. the new World Trade Center is probably target #1 for terrorists. That's the reason for the maximum security
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster and I feel this is only the beginning!
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
“Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic.” - @SHAQ
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money.
"@DRJAMESCABOT: @realDonaldTrump @joelleangeli rock n roll back in the oval... Trump 2016..."
"@itsRyanHilton: VOTE @realDonaldTrump for a no BS President and let's make America the greatest country again"
"@joelde: You RT'ing these is the equivalent to band's tweeting good reviews. Do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back?"  No never!
"@PianoBecca: First order of business for America is to  elect DonaldTrump. Next is make America strong again! And he is the man to do it!"
"@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore America's greatness! And no stupid windmills!!"
"@joelleangeli: DonaldTrump for president! Give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! You'd have my vote!"
"@ronmeier123: The Strongest Leader in this World and Beyond is the Man who is a Forward thinker! MR.TRUMP For President in 2016!"
"@AlexBrochesMTV: Want to see REAL change America? Get Donald in the White House and see a TRUE American businessman fix this economy!!!!
"@illStayGolden: @realDonaldTrump is the man."  Thanks.
"@Youxia88: Good idea. RT @realDonaldTrump: "@harpers1niter: @realDonaldTrump Let's just put you in the white House now.""
"@BBCoachKK: @realDonaldTrump @TheTyler_S Who needs sleep when your the one and only #DonaldTrump ?"
"@GetawaysGolf: If I could write one book in the next 5 years it would be following the DonaldTrump and @TigerWoods partnership in Dubai
"@TheTyler_S: .@realDonaldTrump your line in Home Alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film"
"@harpers1niter: @realDonaldTrump Let's just put you in the white House now."
"@ZANDIO: @realDonaldTrump where is the Leadership To Calm our senses as these protests continue? #StopDividingTheUSA"
President Obama Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!
"@katilynn_paygee: Donald Trump will forever be the best mac miller song.."
Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
Very sad &amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.
“The longer you play the better chance the better player has of winning.” - @jacknicklaus
"@pipo442: @realDonaldTrump @fackinpeter @TIME You are the soul of NYC." Thank you!
"@fackinpeter: I don't care what @Time says @realDonaldTrump is my person of the year"
"@CarriagewayGuy: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald you've mastered everything else in life now the white house awaits!"
"@Bernardv777: @realDonaldTrump @PianoBecca You are and always will be the man! Please run!
"@EggMac1: “@realDonaldTrump: Wow just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Just Played it today it was Great."
"@Lotuschild32: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio Rosie just sucks the life and intelligence out of everywhere she goes. #TheView"
"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump The View was terrible today. I feel sad for ABC!"  Rosie killed what was once a very good show - no ratings!
"@Legendisland: @realDonaldTrump The Nick Saban of business!!"
Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - "BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION" - &amp; "ALL TIME"
Wow @GolfMagazine just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!
Our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
"@WPS1879LTD: We are spending the day at the #NYConf and look forward to the keynote presentation from @realDonaldTrump"  Great!
"@shoot69towin: I went to Doral over the holidayshave to say it was everything I expected a trump facility to be. Staff is exceptional."
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
"@fgthegman: @realDonaldTrump @StarsEntLive @kevinjonas @IanZiering WHAT???? No Gary Busey?? Love the show! I'm sure it'll be great!!"
"@teresalynnarthu: @BrandiGlanville @MMayer87 @ApprenticeNBC It's about time the date was announced! I love this show! #CelebrityApprentice"
"@kyle_diehl34: The next celebrity apprentice cast is 🔥 @realDonaldTrump" True!
"@A_Roy0317: The Celebrity Apprentice is back January 4th and I can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump pick people apart in the boardroom."
"@Sundropaholic: FINALLY @ApprenticeNBC returns! @realDonaldTrump rescues the winter TV schedule. Our house never misses it." Great!
"@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @MMayer87 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Looks like a great cast. The show is incredible. Can't wait!"
"@MMayer87: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait to watch the show!" January 4th.
"@Mogainc @realDonaldTrump @CelebApprentice when is the new season starting? I can't wait any longer....#celebrityapprentice" January 4th
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman
"@vidopisugam: RT @realDonaldTrump The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA"
"@tpratt31:Just saw the iconic DonaldTrump while watching #homealone2 and he looks exactly the same 22 years later! What's in the NY water?"
"@bucezoxisesu: @realDonaldTrump Reading an all time favorite TRUMP: The Art of The Deal! A must read!
“Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – Trump Never Give Up
"@worrywarto: @FoxNews @CNN @YahooNews @abcnews Now that he's a Lame Duck &amp; doesn't need your vote any longer the real OBAMA is out!" True.
"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I think you should be Time's person of the year"
"@KenJLThomson: @realDonaldTrump @mikerugg1 for the love of the Rev Norman Vincent Peale. Do it!"
"@GibsonLuke7: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump-2016-All the way"
"@mikerugg1: @realDonaldTrump is the man America needs #Trump2016"
"@Brian_Legit: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. Your the only one who can fix this mess Obama created" I agree!
"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @aphonapelma If Trump were nominee in 2012 GOP landslide . 2016 for the win!"
"@aphonapelma: @realDonaldTrump Love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the White House: "You're Fired!""
"@EnlighTea: The Celeb Apprentice is the Best of Both Worlds...Real Business Lessons plus Very Entertaining Celebrity Stars! Can't Wait"
"@kaitlin_bunch: @realDonaldTrump do you like the Make a Wish Foundation?"  YES!
"@DanKonservative: @realDonaldTrump @tlrchrstphrbrsn Don't you think you are exactly what the U.S. needs?!?!" Yes!
"@Dawn__Patrol:  @louise_kruger1 @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait 4 celeb apprentice ♡ The Donald! Finally I've been waiting 2 long!"
"@louise_kruger1: @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait for celeb apprentice my favoutite show of all time - love The Donald!!"
"@jeffferrier: @realDonaldTrump first business book I ever read was The Art of the Deal as a high schooler in the 80s. Been a fan ever since
"@KaelaDianne97: @realDonaldTrump is the only man fit to run our country. What a knack for politics and business WHAT A MAN!!" Thanks.
"@HMunjal: .@realDonaldTrump is the best! He's my favorite entrepreneur!" Thank you.
"@HolaCatarina: If I could meet anyone in the world I'd want to meet  @realDonaldTrump #LoveHim"
"@kvstravel: @realDonaldTrump as I watch the news Mr. Trump I'm thinking I hope America has had enough of clinton&amp;bush as potus"
"@lee_nall: Why not take on the greatest challenge Donald Trump has ever faced making this country GREAT again now that's a Legacy!!"
"@samcgirl: Ok people it has to be said: the new season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous! @realDonaldTrump I CANNOT wait!!!!!
"@samcgirl: @DMartinMMXII @realDonaldTrump I can put politics aside for the sheer love I have for #CelebrityApprentice - seriously!❤️😍❤️
In the very least Congress must defund Obama’s unconstitutional amnesty order.
It’s Tuesday. How many more ‘The View’ Execs will leak that they want @rosie gone? Show is failing.
Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
"@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @1Kathleen75 @TMZ_Politics Oh yes the next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 ."
"@iluvmorso: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to see the Apprentice - it's back finally" On January 4th.
"@BJKizer74: Mr.Trump I love that you are crushing the #CowardInChief on social media. As a former Marine I have ZERO respect for #Obummer.
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
Congress’ greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
"@EyeAmSMF @DRUDGE_REPORT  @realDonaldTrump should replace @Rosie on The View. :-)" Well they would then get great ratings!
Congratulations to @NYCParks on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
Rosie O’Donnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her--@Rosie always fails.
THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club Bedminster just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you  @JordanSpieth
"@GZervs: Love listening to @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends it's the perfect start to my morning &amp; week!"
"@CMILLE__: @GREATGAETANO @realDonaldTrump he's a str8 foward guy &amp; does things the way it's needed to be done"
"@Deanna_Lea_: @realDonaldTrump you'd win the south #presidenttrump"
"@craig_eaton12: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump-thank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs! #trumpforpresident"
"@MSmoldt: @realDonaldTrump "The American dream is alive and well" good interview on @FoxNews this AM #GYTU ☝️"
"@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump You can never be wrong if you vote for MR. TRUMP in 2016! He is the RIGHT MAN for President! Happy Sunday!"
"@JHasseyjr: "@abunnieslife: Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! Thank"
"@Bugsben20: @ODINVIKING76 @realDonaldTrump right on Donald can't be bought like the rest of them!"
"@giantsandles: only @realDonaldTrump can get the economy back on track clean up the government" I agree stay tuned!
"@Bugsben20: @realDonaldTrump run for prez the country needs you!"
"@KraftyWurker: #Trump is the only potential Presidential candidate who has been demanding and threatening to get lower oil &amp; gas prices.
"@sintianiej:DonaldTrump @InTheElections @southheastt Oh yes the next President of the United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 ."
"@twins44: @realDonaldTrump I think you are responsible for lower gas prices only you had the balls to call out OPEC. Thank you Mr. Trump"
"@ForeverMcIn: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to see Trump 2016 all over the news! #TrumpForPresident"
"@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @jebburtonracing @jerrysan52 Can there be any doubt that MR.TRUMP is "THE REAL DEAL!""  Thank you!
"@southheastt: on this joyous holiday I am thankful to @realDonaldTrump for being the bright light that guides America home"
"@SanFranSuperman: @TMZ @realDonaldTrump:  Trump should be the next president of the US. Guy is a genius!
"@MattyGucci: @realDonaldTrump This nation will be on the right track once I see your name on the presidential ballot. #Trump2016" Thanks.
"@RafaelMerrydel1: The Carter Family Thanksgiving will be a bit happier as Obama officially becomes the worst President in history."
"@bmariebrown99: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be an awesome leader for the country!"
"@SpenceMac96: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE WIN PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA"
"@JoshuaAlthina:I have a dream that one day I'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office &amp; fixing this country🇺🇸 #2016"
"@SouthRoyce: @realDonaldTrump @lovely_laura21 YES! He's our man for the next President. SURE He's the Man no doubt"
"@Jsandoval_7: @realDonaldTrump I look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot."
"@CarrGaz: All the latest on @realDonaldTrump 's plans to transform Trump Turnberry into the finest resort in the world. In today's @CarrGaz
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?
As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot
If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite you would still be having the riots right now!
Despite having a black president the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a  leader this would not be the case
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
Premiering on January 4th the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
"@ddrocks777 .@realDonaldTrump Cannot wait for the newest season of The Celebrity Apprentice!! I've been a huge fan since it started" Great!
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
"@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @shmopniggadick The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 ."
"@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @MrInsaf The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 ."
"@DianeInVegas: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump I truly wish Mr. Trump the best he's Awesome!&amp; Very Cool. So Smart. Trump 4 President yeah!
"@JaskulskiDiane:  @mileswynn3 @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR We would have the best economy in the world with him as President!" True!
"@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump The Art of The Deal is on my Christmas list. Let's hope I get it."
"@FanOfGreenMMs:  @Sal_lyann @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Mr. Trump is a wonderful man &amp; more Presidential than the Fraud-in-Chief now."
"@mileswynn3 @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Guys Trump is busy running the Trump brand he is not going to take a step down as President." Watch
"@YllSadiku: @realDonaldTrump Such a nice Guy. Such a perfect Leader . I want to see you in the White House !! Mr.Pesident D.Trump. Thanks
"@KellyKoson: Why do people think that @realDonaldTrump is going to run for president in 2016?"Because the country is a total mess right now
"@GhostOfXerxes: @realDonaldTrump We need you to bring common sense to Washington DC...in 2016 the White House gets "Trumped"!
"@iamnextroom: @realDonaldTrump I decided that I'll choose to live in the US when you are the president."  Good choice!
"@grammasu52: PLZ Mr. Trump... if anyone can expose the #truth about #obama you can! How many more lies does #America have to listen to?"
"@toneantone96: @realDonaldTrump The reason why I love You so much is because of how compassionate You are not because of who You are.
"@KidWithDream: @realDonaldTrump I don't usually shop at @Macy's but The Donald Trump Collection is amazing!" Thank you!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
"@JackWitty: @realDonaldTrump @sidelinesev ~Nice view. But BETTER ONE would be You sitting in the Oval Office.
"@ronmeier123: January 20th 2017 will be a Victorious Day in America MR. TRUMP if you run! For you will be sworn in as the 45th PRESIDENT!"
"@kornegay_danna: @spicedevilz Mr. Trump you're a nice looking gentleman period. I think you look nice hair and all. Ignore the jealous"
"@Jdougherty3: Boys in the hood call me the black Donald Trump." Great!
"@spicedevilz: @realDonaldTrump How did you keep your hair looking good over the decades?" Wow one of the few nice comments about my hair!
"@ColinMeeks: I would love to see @realDonaldTrump on @ABCSharkTank Any shot of that???" Thanks but the Apprentice starts on Jan 4.
"@annaliotta: 28.6 M non-golfers were interested in golf in 2013. The highest interest being expressed by #Millennials 18 to 29 yrs old #pga
"@ScottSummerHall @realDonaldTrump just stayed in Trump Chicago....by far the nicest hotel in Chicago. Absolutely amazing job!" Great thx.
Congratulations to Bill O’Brien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved. A great guy.
Entrepreneurs:  Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
If you really want to succeed you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous.
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
"@jakemurray_32 @realDonaldTrump the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success #Trump2016"  Thank you.
If you don’t publicize your successes your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!
“If you like your plan you keep it.” = “Gruber is just some adviser.” Two of Obama’s greatest lies told to the American public.
For those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. The name global warming wasn’t working
"@BlakeHoagland  What is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur Mr. Trump?" You have to be passionate about your work!
"@nikkio: DonaldTrump @greta Donald Trump helped out more than Obama did with #AndrewTahmoorissi -- The 25K check was a wonderful gesture."
"@ettuandyou: @realDonaldTrump I've got to tell you I love love LOVE the Trump in Toronto."
"@sgrifkin: DonaldTrump when will you next appear on television? I am very interested in your opinion of the current NYC real-estate market
"@Daniel10YNWA: @realDonaldTrump you're the man Mr. Trump"
"@joblink31: @realDonaldTrump Trump is so important that every time he's makes a decision it's good for the economy ."
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming "stuff" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
“The true competitors are the ones who always play to win.” – Tom Brady @Patriots
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp; called Americans “stupid” on ObamaCare many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
. #LaskerRink.  We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink that is done by NEW YORK CITY.
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
Looking forward to addressing @TheEconomicClub on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington DC.
"@ryan5240 after playing the new course in Aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to Turnberry for a birthday present on Monday" Great!
"@Barlow260 @TrumpTurnberry is a great place. I just spent the weekend there &amp; the place golf and staff were excellent  10 out of 10" Thx!
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp; speaking for Joe McQuaid @deucecrew &amp; the Nackey Loeb School @LoebSchool honoring James Foley.
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
Obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the @LoebSchool First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
"@JimDBenson: @realDonaldTrump Great point on the Obamacare site…Thanks for keeping it top-of-mind. Your gifted insights bless America!"
"@NStaicer: @realDonaldTrump visited @trumpwinery over the weekend. Very impressive and we will be going back soon!"
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State!
Today is #VeteransDay. Let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today #VeteransDay.
“The only source of knowledge is experience.” – Albert Einstein
Congratulations to @NHGOP &amp; @AFPFNH for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!
"@gfmete: @realDonaldTrump @USNewsTravel @TrumpNewYork Trump Tower in Toronto still the best!"
"@hillarysusans: @IvankaTrump Your dad is awesome. He should run for President. He could raise the country like he raised his kids and WOW."
"@yurdreamwoman @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house
"@huicho52: @realDonaldTrump enjoy dear Donaldyou are the maximum expression of real generosity"
"@domjoly:  @foxandfriends excellent- we'll expect a nuanced and interesting geopolitical discussion- you're the go-to-guy for sense.."
"@Audrasa74: "@can_U_see_2020:  "@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day please run for president! #Trump2016
"@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump IS THE MAN WE NEED COME 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!!!!! #TrumpForPresident!!!!"
"@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Please run The American ppl need you!"
"@IlLaughs: @realDonaldTrump Yes we could use a sharp minded man who wants to get America back on top of the game."
Remember we don't get any oil from Iraq China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!
"@THEPIZZAPOPO: It feels like I've been waiting for the @ApprenticeNBC FOREVER!!!!!! I'm so happy and ready for this season @realDonaldTrump
"@ChuckNorton1: I am reading "The Art of the Deal" by @realDonaldTrump . I should have read it a long time ago. A must read of must reads."
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree in a signed formal instrument to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!
"@EWErickson @TrumpNewYork I’ve made a mistake putting my 9yo up at the Trump Hotel Central Park.  She doesn’t want to go home now."
Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22
"@luthrice: @realDonaldTrump you're the only person who has any clue about our government! #donaldforprez"
"@danywasking: @realDonaldTrump your on fire this morning.. too bad your not the prez.. ;)" I agree!
"@BenPack3521: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo That was very well done! Thanks for a good laugh to start the day!"
"@LenWDougleman:  Dear Donald I love you success aftershave. I love to walk out of the house with the confidence that I smell of Trump."
"@RealEnGenX: @realDonaldTrump @MikeAndMike @FrankCaliendo Great segment! Ty for the laughs"
"@Rzangrilli: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo I missed it!! 😬 when's the replay!! #epicmoments"  9.00 a.m. ESPN.
.@MikeAndMike   I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun great guys! Radio and T.V.
"@HN_JAD: @realDonaldTrump - you would rock the house as Prez! #GOFORIT"
"@cosclubofphila: @realDonaldTrump @DashJohnston We need your kind of honesty desperately. Please get into the presidential race."
"@GSThomas3: DonaldTrump: last year my premiums went up 46% this year another 220%. Clearly this is a sweet deal for the insurance industry
"@62jerseygirl: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNationalCN Love to see Pine Hill NJ one of the finest"
"@DashJohnston: You are a Great Man Mr. Trump. Your words of wisdom get me through the day. You could make our nation great again. 💗💗💗"
"@Irishwill1344: Babe Ruth would have hated you you know this right?!? “You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth"
“You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
The new Congress must restore military spending &amp; stop Obama budget cuts. Also hold Obama accountable on the VA.
@LukeBryanOnline You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I won't take credit for your successful career!
"@AngieDrue: @jimmcvey1 I hope all the R's will stay strong and stand up to O..we need closed bdrs no common core lower taxes for bns"
"@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump Its time The world is ready for your leadership"
"@ToprakTlay: @realDonaldTrump Now that Republicans are dominating The House all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President.
"@beautifulblusky: Now that Republicans are dominating The House all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President of the USA!
Obama’s Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. That’s one reason we needed the Senate.
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. @Hogan4Governor won 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years.
"@Mitchwa: @realDonaldTrump What a great night for the good guys. I'm worried about Obama using executive power to pass immigration law"
"@zedd_tahlz: Can't wait for the new season of #CelebrityApprentice its gonna be epic!! Great cast selection @realDonaldTrump"
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
"@RowleyRhonda: @realDonaldTrump Well Sir I am ready to get on the Trump 2016 campaign trail☺ #Trump2016"
"@Debralynnxx:  @STN_Entertain @GeraldoRivera @kevinjonas Well that is quite the line-up ! Predict very good ratings for you Mr. Trump !"
"@rexhispaniae: It's been way too long! Looking forward to starting the new year with you back on TV! Love @ApprenticeNBC. I can't wait!"
"@troyer_jeb: Just ordered The Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump. Can't wait to read it👍👍"  Great.
"@can_U_see_2020: "@realDonaldTrump: "@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day please run for president! #Trump2016"""
.@ericbolling  Great job on The Five tonight and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!
"@SeattleSeahack: If I write you in under every race does that invalidate my ballot? I also wrote "Trump Decides" on all the initiatives."
"@kymwharton: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for The Apprentice to be back #favshow"
"@PuNiShMeNt75: @realDonaldTrump Grab your popcorn because T.O. is on The Celebrity Apprentice in 2 months."
"@00RSTW00: Most brilliant casting in the history of TV: Gilbert Gottfried on Celebrity Apprentice. @realDonaldTrump"
Today will be a big day @Team_Mitch for you in many ways. The country is lucky.
This season’s cast of  @ApprenticeNBC brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises &amp; great tasks. Enjoy – Jan. 4th!
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
Today is referendum on ObamaCare Amnesty slow growth having your healthcare dropped &amp; all the other lies.
"@austin_noah530: Just bought @realDonaldTrump The Art of The Deal. Can't wait to read this 👌" Great!
"@BaglanHIlls  Going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! Which one would you recommend? #TRUMP" Start with The Art of the Deal.
Congratulations to @SteveKingIA and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
.@MattGinellaGC Thx for the nice story @TrumpDoral. Look forward to showing you Trump Int’l in Aberdeen in the spring &amp; Turnberry plans.
"@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends WHEW!!! The week is never the same if you don't do Mondays Donald!"
"@joelivan2: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC @GolfChannel Blue Monster! The best course in south Florida"
.@MattGinellaGC  Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. @GolfChannel
"@seyjohnny: Obama traded 5 low life's from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter but did nothing for the soldier in Mexico"
"@welshIV: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive Our work group played The Doral last February. It is a magnificent course!"Thanks
"@Nardokids:I believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of Mexico. As the Mom of an Airman I thank you for your efforts.Thanks
.@SkyscraperLive: Nick all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!
Wow so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!
"@r_ieysg: @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump I know a lot of people don't like listening to him but he speaks the truth." So true!
"@TreyCarpenter3: Just saw the @realDonaldTrump on Justice he is probably our best chance to fix this mess BarackObama has made #Trump2016
"@Chick. I try to learn from the past but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is. DonaldTrump
"@MarkTromBoyd: Brekkie and round of golf at the amazing @TrumpScotland course. Great facilities @realDonaldTrump!
"@puntjepunt1: @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfLinks you are from the MacLeod Clan!!!! NO KIDDING AMAZING!"
"@loubie126: @realDonaldTrump @RowleyRhonda I echo these words...RUN for the presidency!"
"@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day possibly by the hours PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE run for president! #Trump2016"
.@TrumpDoral. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
"@avellacompany1: @realDonaldTrump the best" Thanks.
"@kawaiibitchx: "@PolitiGal2012: American RT @kawaiibitchx: I want America to be the nation it once was #TrumpForPresident" AMERICA"
"@ScottSolinger: Thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed Marine Tahmooressi. Pathetic it didn't happen sooner."
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
"@Gregory_Gains: @realDonaldTrump The world needs a strong US President I think Mr. Trump would do great. Thank you.
"@Republican81: How does Mr. Trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here ? Move along ignorant uneducated punks ."
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” – Vince Lombardi
“You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” – Albert Einstein
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send @SenScottBrown to the Senate!
"@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @seanhannity Trump would run the USA with heart .Trump is right about Mitt.
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
“When you can't make them see the light make them feel the heat.” – President Ronald Reagan
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
In game 7 of the World Series tonight the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C. even with two days rest.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works be it a rocket or website.
"@Tradingforex24: In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. Donald Trump"
"@TheRealPWeight: You did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in Iraq.. ISIS controls a lot of it today. Good foresight."
"@TroopsDirect: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump he is the Reagan of this generation...if he ran." Wow thank you!
"@KauaiNj: @realDonaldTrump Most of us know you would run the US with heart. @seanhannity"  So true!
"@KauaiNj: @seanhannity Donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo &amp; debt BO has driven us into. He has common/economic sense."
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; now 250000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote @CoryGardner!
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
Congratulations @Trump_Ireland for being named #12 resort in Europe by the @CNTraveler #ReadersChoice2014 awards!
"@dj_dwain: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump. I truly enjoy your insite and opinions. Please run for President the USA needs your leadership."
"@suelordbiz: Great job on Fox &amp; Friends this a.m.; have a great week! Thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr. porous border!"
"@JAdamsEden: @realDonaldTrump Articulate &amp; concise as ever leave it to Trump to identify the clear &amp; present economic enemy;-MEXICO!"
"@TheBingle: @realDonaldTrump @RiannaRichards Donald Trump said that before "the virus' made it to U.S." That's what I do!
"@RiannaRichards: This is why I agree with Donald Trump: They should ban flights from #Ebola infected countries from entering the U.S."
"@tylerrice199: @mike_riccardi @realDonaldTrump easily he is one of the most intelligent among America. He would win over Hilary"  THANKS!
Yes I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
With all that is happening with Ebola including the doctor who so easily came back to New York Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
President Obama you are a complete and total disaster but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak with people flying in from all over the country but decided to play golf!
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C. with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
If this doctor who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africahas Ebolathen Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign!
"@FreidaWashingt: @realDonaldTrump: I saw the ground breaking ceremony for your DC building. It was you and Ivanka."
"@REALtesswilson: @realDonaldTrump is the smartest businessman in America"  Thank you.
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012 do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—I don’t!
Later today I’m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE. and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance the BEST!
Why are we letting the three girls who left the U.S. to join ISIS back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S. a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
"@Electric988: A smart POWERFUL and SUCCESSFUL man like Donald Trump would be the ideal president. We need you Mr. Trump! #Trump2016"
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
The United States under President Obama has truly become the "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Everything he touches turns to garbage!
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
I will be in Washington D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.—a great honor! @Wharton
"@northcutt2013: @realDonaldTrump @mrkenbutler no he can't and will not run. Great man yes not worth the mud slinging" Don't be so sure!
"@mrkenbutler:  Donald You are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course Obama has us on. Please run in 2016!"
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
Wow one of the all-time greats in fashion OSCAR DE LA RENTA has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
"@Burge: DonaldTrump needs to run America like a business. Do the dirty work that we don't need to hear about. Make this country right again
"@HabsHappy: Starting 2believe Ujust may want 2run for Presidency after-all. Uknow what they say 'Reach For The 50 Stars' We Need CHANGE"
"@InsideCableNews @FTVLive Dream on. You have a better chance of Time Warner dumping Jeff Zucker than you do the media ignoring Donald Trump
"@Amber_Sadler22: Donald Trump and Mitt Romney would be the most dynamic pres/vp combo in history" No bad chemistry - I like winning!
"@midlandmainline @DMRegister Who else is as qualified as the Donald it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one - Donald Trump"
"@mrinho1: @Orbitz @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Looks like my kind of place D. Trump. You are the man my friend"  Thanks a great hotel.
"@PeteDicenSO: @realDonaldTrump we need you in the White House!!!!! #Trump2016"  I agree thanks!
"@MarlenaWells: #laguardia ranked as one of the worst #airports It needs @realDonaldTrump magic touch."  So true what a mess!
Congratulations to @TrumpCollection’s @TrumpPanama for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from @TripAdvisor!
"@timessquarehero: @realDonaldTrump Please let Donnie Eric and Ivanka run the empire for 4 years and #saveourcountry"
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
"@YankeeRunner: I love Mon Mornings when T is on @foxandfriends as the voice of reason to tell it like it is&amp;dispel another wk of Obama Lies
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be "less safe" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the "Ebola Czar" just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
"@scottmedlin79: @realDonaldTrump run for president. We need someone who isn't scared to make the right calls."
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = "COME ON IN"
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
"@donchymes: @realDonaldTrump is indeed a great manalways says his mind and stands for the truth not minding whose ox is gored.
"@timmmo510: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump said this from the beginning. Need real leadership #trump2016"
"@mattyms: @realDonaldTrump it's my birthday today. The best present you can give me is to be my next President."  Happy birthday!
"@jameranne: @realDonaldTrump If only Donald Trump could tell uObama "he's fired" the world would be a happier place"
"@sheronsvg: @realDonaldTrump @calconroy Time to bring back "The Apprentice" Mr. Trump!" The new season will be announced by NBC very soon!
"@h5o_dano: @realDonaldTrump We are on course of imploding as the once great Roman Empire did."
"@Bugsyfire:  Mr.T  You were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the Ebola virus. Not enough restrictions to get into the U.S."
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
.@katyperry  Katy what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going a waste!
I watched Russell Brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other night—what the hell do people see in Russell—a major loser!
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
"@PeriodPride: "The most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up!" ~ @realDonaldTrump
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
It is time for the airline pilots flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
"@CDLavie: @realDonaldTrump We knew he had no case against Trump U. I have no complaints about the products I bought."  Thanks!
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference he didn't say what we all want to hear"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS"
"@Fox5Kyle @realDonaldTrump @Macys Your ties are the best hands down!"  Thank you!
Young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative @SteveKingIA!
John @CahillForAG is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey @AGSchneiderman is one of the least respected!
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
"@CRRoussos: @realDonaldTrump You were 100% spot on about the judge in the Oscar Pistorius trial. Complete and utter moron."
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote @Team_Mitch!
"@Are_Jay_Sea: We need DonaldTrump in the White House in 2016. Someone w/o political agenda &amp; who just wants to make our country great again
"@NassarInvesting: @realDonaldTrump For President! The only fighting chance this country has left. @BarackObama hasn't done shit."
"@BestBergerEver: Mr @realDonaldTrump has a vlog where he says things U don't wanna hear. But I learned he speaks the truth #trump4Prez!
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now on top of everything else we just hit $18 trillion in debt!
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
Can you believe thatwith all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S. President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! @WileyBiz
The @nfl games are so boring now that actually I’m glad I didn’t get the Bills. Boring games too many flags too soft!
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills I would have produced a winner. Now that won’t happen.
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
"@BestBergerEver: I agree with everything @realDonaldTrump said on @foxandfriends this morning. Put this man in the White House!
"@YOD_Bagholders: @realDonaldTrump Trump 4 President! Close the boarders and protect our children!"
"@DRJAMESCABOT: Donald you're so handsome... i can speak... Paltrow loser... Trump 2016 rock n roll back in the OVAL not Paltrow"
"@Michele_1L_: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends well anyway....Give em hell on the flight ban to Ebola regions."
"@rojeezee: @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE SO IN DEMAND IN THE MEDIA BUT WHAT WE REALLY NEED IS YOU IN DEMAND AT THE WHITE HOUSE #DONALDFORPREZ"
"@M_Forese: @realDonaldTrump we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you!" I agree!
"@trucksellr2007: 150 travelers arriving daily in the U.S. from the Ebola hot zones of west Africa? This is insanity! #StopTheFlights
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn stupid or just doesn't care!
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola caught it!
President Obama NOW bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa before it is too late AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name it would be the biggest story!
Isn't it ridiculous starting today new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
"@oforsyth: @realDonaldTrump I'm from the UK and even I'm voting for Donald! Trump Trump Trump! I'm moving to America!"
"@schaeferpg: @realDonaldTrump @GeeBilz Am a Donald Trump follower we need anybody other than the idiot we have and Trump would be the best
"@harryfinnimore: @realDonaldTrump @ericleebow same here.. Run so we get someone in the office that knows what's really going on"
"@Ricolodean: @ChiBDM @realDonaldTrump he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top."
"@Ricolodean: Mr.Trump If you don't run I will honestly consider moving out of the country. Without your leadership we are in big trouble."
"@MichaelSad6: @realDonaldTrump its time to put a Wharton Grad in the White House! #Trump2016" That is true!
"@krismichaelboy: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president issues in the United States could be resolved. He has my vote! #Trump2016"
Do you notice that because of Ebola ISIS etc. ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
Wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
The @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
The only reason I bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo where they belong. Mission accomplished.
"Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world." @mcuban
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman the worst attorney general in the US is in a tough election with John Cahill  @CahillForAG
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
"@brasscojones10: @realDonaldTrump I'm at the Trump Doral for an environmental law conference. Very impressed all around."  Great.
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet as usual refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. "Let the stupid Americans do it!" SAD
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
Congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of @MailOnline! My Apprentice champ!
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!
In a little reported event China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!
"@acMarcusWenzel: @realDonaldTrump @Godchick83 Donald would be the right guy for the USA. I agree."
"@Ceg72Kevin: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for presidentthat would be a real wake up call to the world would be a great president" Thanks
Obama stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?
"@nicolabarbolini: Playing at Trump Los Angeles! Amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! Unforgettable ocean view!"
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. ‘At least’ 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
China has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp; skyscrapers.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem.
ISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
"@scottgumbleton: Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland  voted best course on the planet by American Academy of Hospitality Sciences
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
I was relentless because more often than you would think sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
Be sure to enjoy the ‘50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival’ at @TrumpChicago the Windy City’s top hotel!
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine
Congratulations @Jean_GeorgesNYC for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in @TrumpNewYork for a meal you’ll never forget.
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s
"@Dundee_Tam: @realDonaldTrump @dollymund yes Mr. Trump please run for the Oval Office and help bring the USA back to prominence."
"@Vinnie_Vegas_76:Donald why don't you run for president. If you run the USA like you run your businesses the USA would be a better place."
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
I will be on On The Record @gretawire tonight at 7 PM
.@ScotGolfPodcast Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
Do you think crooked @AGSchneiderman will ever challenge the NFL tax status? No—too many friends and contributors in @nfl?
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change!
"@RobertUndefined: This is where @realDonaldTrump needs to be the President."
President Obama I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
Something very important and indeed society changing may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers is causing havoc. If he lives prosecute!
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
"@calfofgod: @realDonaldTrump you are the Smartest man in america. Why aren't you president. Who needs Obama? We need you! Please run!!"
"@Ricolodean: @realDonaldTrump I pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need. Please run in 2016."
"@ValEveretts: Obama isn't smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like. Please run for POTUS. We need you."
"@DrugFreeBlayde: @realDonaldTrump is one of the smartest men in america... put him in the office." So true thanks!
"@hancockfinance. MR TRUMP IS THE BEST Worldleader#empirebuilding #downtoearthbillionaire Hope to one day see even a fraction of your succes
Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral the Blue Monster. Great guys!
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami.  Enjoy!
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
"@SuccessCoaching: RT @realDonaldTrump "Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money." - Johnny Cash"
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled "Blackish"? Can you imagine the furor of a show "Whiteish"! Racism at highest level?
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
"@andrewl1234: .@realDonaldTrump I'm pulling an all nighter in the library studying so I can hopefully do half as much as you one day" Great
"@CalebCCooper Reading DonaldTrump's "The Art of the Deal" for my entrepreneurship class. So many cool stories and business lessons to learn
"@DrizzyDan_: The U.S. needs @realDonaldTrump at this moment" Thank you.
"@popated: @tnsmilin @realDonaldTrump And the military doesn't have a heck of a lot of respect for him either."
"@adrianatarsia: @realDonaldTrump thank you for being the voice of reason!"
"@THEINTENSITY: The worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about Ebola @realDonaldTrump"
"@CarnivoreKing: @realDonaldTrump We can't just stop flights. It might offend the west Africans and we can't do that!"
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
"@__________IAN: I saw Donald Trump on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous when I was 4.That man must of had a drink -&gt;fountain of youth.
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
"@Irishfoodtrail @R47R  We were at the Trump Int'l a few weeks ago it's one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in for many reasons" Thanks.
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals placed the deciding vote for  ObamaCare &amp; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
"@000HermanSJr000 @Hotelied  @TrumpChicago Never ceases to amaze. Trump is the int'l brand that never settles for less than the best" Thanks
Patrick Reed—We are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
.@Graeme_McDowell  You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer you’d be the champ. Great going!
.@JustinRose99 The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
"@JamColley: We need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get Mr.T elected president.
"@bitchClassyboSs: How I wish Mr Trump would write more books. So in love with his books." I am now writing "The Art of the Deal Part II.
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
"@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump"
I will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @BBCWorld. Clowns!
"@ChrisC_Skyward: Enjoying looking over the water from your Chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary. Great place!"
The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
"@selbyke: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas stayed last month great time great service great pool &amp; great view of 'The Strip' from room!"
“Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.” - @jacknicklaus
"@YouKnowYourNice @realDonaldTrump you are the man telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing. I respect you."  Thank you.
"@LoganB58 So cool to see @realDonaldTrump respond to so many people who tweet at him. A true role model in the business world."  Thanks.
"@RealPro4Real @TheMilliardaire @Trump_Ireland  Wow the golf course in Ireland is designed with great taste &amp; attention to detail! :-)" Thx
"@GrandeEvents Can't wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in DC. We know it will be fabulous!"  Thank you.
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out!
Watching the Ryder Cup on @GolfChannel. Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport my favorite!
"@JSL79 I hope you will consider buying back the Trump Plaza &amp; Taj returning them to the great places they once were" Will take a hard look.
I’ll bet if I didn’t harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends &amp; breaks!
When you’re in a fight with a bully always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard &amp; hit fast!
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
"@SapThrows: This coming election is the first one I can vote in and I hope @realDonaldTrump runs so he can get my vote #Trump2016"
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
"@ScotlandGolf1 @IvankaTrump @TrumpScotland  It is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients." Thank you.
"@jdbailey08: @realDonaldTrump you're my hero. Keep up the good work. #TrumpForPresident"
"@spencerpyoung: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president it will be the first time I actually go out and vote." Great!
"@straussanator: @realDonaldTrump When is the Apprentice coming back? Very soon recently finished shooting - and it is great!
"@betocolombia1: @realDonaldTrump @KyleKissKiss  Donald you will win but I have pray for you becuse it is the destiny of earth!!"
Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator– they have Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress who may be next Leader &amp; bring $’s to KY
Obama’s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
"@AAszkler: @realDonaldTrump @tylerasmith1 GOP will not win until they fire all of the political consultants"
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive must put on a better front!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to "moderate rebels" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!
The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the @buffalobills because of me!
China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for China’s gain?
"@000HermanSJr000  The views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking. You are a businessman &amp; artist"  Thx
Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3*  @MikeBloomberg
I am convinced that if @AlexSalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland the vote would have been much better for him!
The people of Scotland have spoken—a great decision. I wish @AlexSalmond well &amp; look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
Learn work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
"@ClaudeVanPelt: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently." Many agree thanks!
@Luigiboria  Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!
"@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNewYork Love how Donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on."
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
It was a great honor to be on @MikeAndMike on @espn. Wow the response was amazing!
“There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.”  -- Dean Smith
"@Valbano206: Loved listening to @realDonaldTrump this morning on @MikeAndMike fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the NFL"
"@GZervs: Great job on @espn this morning. @realDonaldTrump could run the NFL much better"
"@jake_wilfong: @realDonaldTrump was speaking the truth this morning on @MikeAndMike. Too many flags let the boys play."
"@dmadan81: "The NFL is becoming unwatchable; because of the flags" -@realDonaldTrump"
"@williamwatp: @realDonaldTrump great phone interview on espn! Ps forget buffalo buy the Chicago @Cubs #sonsofwrigley"
"@louis_the_iv: Idk if anyone watched Mike and Mike this morning but @realDonaldTrump spoke the absolute truth"
"@MarkMizzouSteel: LOVE hearing @realDonaldTrump laying the hammer on the @nfl on @MikeAndMike this morning. Trump For Commissioner!!!!!"
"@uwsp46: @realDonaldTrump @nfl ur so right about the nfl becoming a game Not worth watching anymore PC ppl have killed the game"
"@bluedish: @realDonaldTrump @espn spot on interview! 👍 let em play put the flags away!"
"@TRUEQUE02: @realDonaldTrump love your response on @MikeAndMike this morning regarding the @nfl brand 🙌"
"@titansfan1967: @realDonaldTrump @espn I loved your views on ESPN this morning. Need your views in the NFL."
"@Hai: I couldn't agree more with @realDonaldTrump about the NFL becoming the No Fun League. I'm glad someone finally came out and said it!"
"@beasonshane: @Espngreeny @espngolic great call from @realDonaldTrump 100% agree with him on the stated of the NFL and football in general.
"@WayneHancock88: I think that @realDonaldTrump should be the next Commissioner of the @nfl! #BringBackFootball"
"@Waltthew: @MikeAndMike Fantastic interview of Mr. T both on a business perspective and a fan. Maybe the best interview you have ever had."
"@jared_searcy88: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump is the man."
"@thesa: @Espngreeny @MikeAndMike @espngolic Listen to what @realDonaldTrump said He just summed up what all the fans feel about the league"
"@StClou: Have to agree with Mr. T what will ruin NFL is not the off-field idiocy but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle"
"@jphillipsLO: @realDonaldTrump @espn You were spot on about the game of football being boring. Too many flags."
"@MostonTyler: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump 100% right about the excessive flags and tackling"
"@Echo5Chrly: @MikeAndMike for once @realDonaldTrump makes sense. The @nfl has become less entertaining due to all the flags."
"@DeejayWalmix: Everything @realDonaldTrump said right on the money! @Espngreeny @espngolic 💯✔"
"@Todd_H @MikeAndMike -Let the court &amp; league discipline them and move on. Agree with Mr. T the @nfl needs to worry about product on field"
"@bxrocboy: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump was right. The NFL is ruining the game with all of the penalties. As a fan I'm losing interest."
"@rclark_randy: @realDonaldTrump great interview on @MikeAndMike this AM! The Donald for commissioner!!"
"@iMarle64: @MikeandMike Wowan actual good guest😳 @RealDonaldTrump keeping it real on his view of the #NFL🏈 #refreshing"
"@Skelify: @Espngreeny Completely agree with what @realDonaldTrump just said about the penalties and the hits. [1/2]"
"@J_Hawk25: @realDonaldTrump well said this morning on @MikeAndMike the NFL has become the No Fun League. #nfl"
"@coreymccrack3n: @realDonaldTrump had a good point this morning on @MikeAndMike. The refs are flag happy and make watching games boring."
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!
“Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money.” - Johnny Cash
"@NewMexicoRoni @realDonaldTrump sadly they of course will blame you for the failure. Idiots."  And I haven't been there in years.
"@Yankee_RangerNV @realDonaldTrump Don't forget you were also the ONLY person to host Wrestlemania in back to back years" So true thanks.
We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africa—before it is too late.
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing introduced UFC (ask Dana)the best shows
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport convention center etc.
“Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.” - Calvin Coolidge
Good luck to the people of Scotland whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watching—really exciting!
"@MikeyJFitz: @realDonaldTrump Thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going I wasn't one of the idiots that voted for Obama. #Trump2016"
"@IndyBuffaloJim:  All fact but of course haters never check the DATA your business decisions are sound &amp; you have the success 2 prove it"
"@JaredAustinThom: We just need to let @realDonaldTrump run the whole world. #Trump2016" It would be a fantastic place thanks!
Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
"@BenTrolling: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood Disclosing his finances would make Donald Trump the most wealthy President ever!" So true!
"@Lauraaachinn: @realDonaldTrump for President 2016. I would be first in line at the polls."
The so-called ‘moderate’ Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obama’s address. We should not be arming them!
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
On 9/11 we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp; our freedom.
"@Yankee_RangerNV The silver lining in you not buying the Bills is that you can HOPEFULLY rescue what's left of this country&amp; RUN!" So true!
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were except taller and stronger. A better statement!
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
"@bebe_el_mejor: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are one of the people I most admire ! Greetings from Venezuela!." Thanks.
"@EnhancedEddie: @realDonaldTrump trump you will make the greatest president since Lincoln" Wow nice!
"@NateZito: @realDonaldTrump you should be the next president Don" Thanks.
"@IndyBuffaloJim: The American public will fall deeper in debt and will crush our middle class. Another plan of our Socialistic President.
"@Silverfoxgranny:  #SaudiArabia Saudi Arabia are nothing but mouth pieces bullies cowards. They have the money but no guts"
"@joeyjoe78:  Great point! Freedom is not free and the American people are tired of paying for it! It's time for other nations to pay up!"
"@dale_schrock: @realDonaldTrump So true.. They should pay up for our protection and by the way stop persecuting Christians over there too!
"@nick2travel: @realDonaldTrump They should pay us FREE OIL for the next 100 years."
"@KingofPolitics: @realDonaldTrump Donald in the House. You nailed it down."
"@Kalozap: Obama's mind IsIs ebola etc.... and then thinking boy I wish I was on the golf coarse. What should I wear on the Links"
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
If Obama resigns from office NOW thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
"@vix3361: @realDonaldTrump you speak the truth" True!
“Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.” - Dean Acheson
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.
Fact – Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
"@Cringe_Fringe @Joan_Rivers You were a good friend to Joan and I enjoyed the Apprentice show with her.  Thanks Mr. Trump." Thank you.
"@JoePerry: Always good to see @realDonaldTrump Rock and Rollin' at the Aerosmith show." Joe--it was great meeting you--fantastic concert.
"@TheBigJamesG: What kind of president doesn't get playing golf after a cruel beheading isn't the thing to do? Detached from reality he is"
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low over 92M Americans are out of the work force.
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
"@KandaceC1: @realDonaldTrump when am I gonna get to see some more of The Apprentice??? I miss seeing you weekly!:  Soon!
"@JonesTigger0828: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump it just blows the mind that this President is still in office."
"@__________IAN: "No one respects golf more than me but there is a time and place for everything"- Mr.Trump hitting the nail on the head!"
"@JBizz13: It was awesome Seeing you at the Ryder cup announcement last week! So glad to have the PGA of America coming to your course" Tnx!
"@kpasee: Hearing that Donald Trump went to Joan Rivers's funeral breaks my heart I feel like she just won the celebrity apprentice 😢"
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
"@ChrisSergeant: @thomas Thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. There's Donald Trump for one."
"@P00dy:  @realDonaldTrump @MarvinEscobars The difference is Successful people like the Trumps need no excuses."  Thanks!
"@MarvinEscobars: TRUMP = TRIUMPH = TRUMP Find the differences?? Next president!! @realDonaldTrump
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
"@nwankwofranklin: @realDonaldTrump I am a proud member of your over 2 million twitter followers. I get inspired all the time by your story.
"@AlbyMetevier: @realDonaldTrump Mr trump will u save America and run? I know the job sucks but we need it fixed." So true!
"@rokrok10100: @realDonaldTrump ...in India we LOVE Donald Trump. Wake up America recognize the sheer class of this man."
"@MasterBaxter8: @MELANIATRUMP probably one of the most beautiful  ladies to walk the planet of course @realDonaldTrump is her husband!
"@anthonyjmyers: #IfTrumpWerePresident this country would be the classiest most established most admired place in the world." 100% TRUE!
"@billywmerritt: .@realDonaldTrump We need a Trump Tower in Atlanta. I will buy the first unit."  Great!
"@billywmerritt: "The Art of the Deal" got me off my ass and got me in the game. We all have 24 hours in a day. No excuses for me. Thanks!"
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information.
"Taking risks &amp; making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself" -Trump Never Give Up
"@buntymunn @realDonaldTrump just played Trump aberdeen yesterday might just be the best golf experience I've ever had!" Great thanks!
“Peace is not absence of conflict it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
“Mold yourself into the person who can do big things.” – Think Big
Senator Landrieu If you are a Senator representing Louisiana then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send @BillCassidy to the Senate!
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally hope is not a strategy.
Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly then move on.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
"@deno716 What better way to start a movie than having @realDonaldTrump in the first 3 min. Yes I'm watching Zoolander on @Netflix"  Great!
"@AkiaGarnett @R_B_Stuart  Trump is a hero - 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases. Nothing like that kinda candor" Thx
"@iambedmatrix  Mr. Trump when is the announcement of Miss Universe Host City?  We love you and your pageant we just want to know" Soon!
"@SheltonFL @realDonaldTrump stayed your new hotel in Chicago this past weekend. One of the best places I've stayed" Thanks. @TrumpChicago
I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children &amp; their future.
Looking forward to being at the @RyderCupUSA announcement tonight.
“The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well.” - @jack_welch
"@GPlunkert @realDonaldTrump it shows u r a class act by doing the ice bucket challenge.. Unlike our president.."  Thank you.
"@lorenzolamas  You are the man Mr Trump. Your ALS Challenge was epic and all it represented. Love to the fam." Thanks Lorenzo.
"@RamDurand:  @VinnyGooch The media who loves Donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. Cant even trust Fox"
"@VinnyGooch: @realDonaldTrump THE DON 2016!!! I CAN SEE IT NOW!"
"@domenicsiracusa: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis THE DONALD 2016"
"@Taylorstime: @realDonaldTrump @Joan_Rivers Donald you speak the truth ."
"@SandeeBengel: @realDonaldTrump @Joan_Rivers you nailed it Donald!! Full of energy the day before!!"
Remember this the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names or read about them in the newspapers stay away!
“Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big &amp; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority.” – Think Big
"@awmorrell  At last the @realDonaldTrump hair debate is finally put to rest - all thanks to the ALS #icebucketchallenge " Thx--I hope so!
Obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. Now he’s about to do it. What will Congress do?
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers!  Winner of Celebrity Apprentice amazing woman.
I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
"@phipppo: Donald Trump is hands down the best Mac Miller song"  So true!
"@domjoly: @realDonaldTrump I can't help thinking how great the USA would be if you were president!
"@HomerJSimpson: I took the Ice Bucket Challenge and I nominate @realDonaldTrump to follow me! Just watch my Twitter tomorrow!
.@VinceMcMahon @MikeTyson @HomerJSimpson I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow….
Remember the harder you work the luckier you get!
It’s Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
With the record $200M renovations on track &amp; budget (a miracle in DC) Trump Int’l Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.
"@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump Emmys are a joke. the donald needs to fix them like he did with the Miss Universe pageant."
"@YourInfoBabe: Couldn't agree more! “@brealDonaldTrump: "@slaw116: @realDonaldTrump Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible.
"@Vegies: @realDonaldTrump called it the @emmys2014 are going to awful! #awful"
"@slaw116: @realDonaldTrump Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible!
.@SenScottBrown is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving @SenatorSheehan. He can win!
Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100% he should be bunker busted to hell.
"@OjJava: @realDonaldTrump I dont get the whole thing with Seth Meyers either. Kinda bland.."
"@mindcontrolJPG: @realDonaldTrump i was just ranting about this to my wife! He has nothing and you're the only one honest enough to say it.
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with  almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
"@domenicsiracusa: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis THE DONALD SHOULD BE PRESIDENT"
"@saigon1968tet: “@realDonaldTrump: Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel Obvious moron at conformation hearings."The worst I have ever witnessed
"@midnite_pumpkin: You're the man.We need you as our President. Not a man who gives free money away like candy.We work hard for our money!"
"@damiranz: DonaldTrump: Pls don't run for president. If you do and win the rest of the world would be screwed" So true (except friends)!
"@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. ~ Donald Trump"
"@MotivationIdeas: In the end you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. ~ Donald Trump"
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
"@ChristopheWheat Great job on the Turnberry Resort Donald!  @TrumpTurnberry in Scotland which I saw this week while in Scotland."  Thanks.
"@crossbowdave My wife kids and I visited NYC last week. I loved going to the #trumptower. It was beautiful as I had hoped!" Great thanks
"@CREEutiful  @realDonaldTrump - saw the NYC Trump buildings this past wknd! amazing! Can't wait to go back n see more!" Great thanks.
"@SuptSims  it's scary to think we have Obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation!" Thank you.
"@DonB1957 @JessicahRabbit @troylaneroberts I own half dozen Trump ties. Make the best knots always look great."  Thanks.
"@ignacio8787: @realDonaldTrump @johnyboi509 hope you run for #POTUS and win to shake up #DC and the #Congress we need you"
"@yorkv01: @realDonaldTrump Our country is in trouble with the worst leadership possible. How are we going to fix this?" Smarts &amp; toughness!
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care!
"@Technotoaster: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis the world would love you to put up or shut up Donald. I think u CAN do it but WILL u?"Watch
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
"@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump The Donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term." True.
"@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump always knows what to say. I love the #trumpadvice" Thank you.
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
"@KenCageRepo @TrumpDoral  That is absolutely SPECTACULAR.  Although for the Trumps its called "normal".  Amazing job."  Thank you.
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral
"@zshroff @TrumpChicago All the artsy types need to relax. Sign looks great doesn't take away anything from the city's architecture." Thx.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
“When everyone works with the same energy loyalty and focus it makes for smooth sailing all around.” – Midas Touch
"@ellenbourque: @Writing4Life197 your the best in the world for hotels /resorts....why not be our best in history as president?" Just watch!
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington D.C. the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
"@Jonesbox: @realDonaldTrump nothing like the delusions of a moron. Just what America needs." Very nice thank you!
"@_jaynyc: if it's one person i admire it'll be @realDonaldTrump for all the success he's had in his lifetime."  Thank you!
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss?
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney
“Diligence is the mother of good luck.”  - Benjamin Franklin
Just watched Full Metal Jacket can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
“Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly then move on.” – Think Big
“Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle and the odds will be on your side.” – Trump Never Give Up
"@JayGW804: RT @realDonaldTrump: The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain"
"@ash_talks: Have to meet @realDonaldTrump in the morning. Good night."
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
"@Aaron_Yay: Trump is my new idol. His pastor was Norman Vincent Peale?! #NewThoughtPioneer - Can't wait to read the Art of the Deal.
"@babalandyy: @realDonaldTrump you should be the president" Thanks!
"@DeannaSpillyard: My Dad Captain Tom Scott went home to be with the Lord last night. Please keep my family in your prayers. #devastated.
"@TheAme19: @realDonaldTrump @RedNationRising And the answer ISN'T Hillary or Pocahontas Warren for $300..."
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
"@wRiTeItNoW.  A quote you'd like. You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you for the law is too slow. I'll ruin you. -Vanderbilt"
"@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump wish he would just resign he is hurting America now other parts of the world Obama is a disaster"
"@BackOnTrackUSA:While Obama is partying at The WH with corrupt African leaders Christians are being killed by ISIS with American weapons."
"@mlmpatton: @realDonaldTrump when is Celebrity Apprentice returning? Love that show &amp; you!" In the Fall thanks!
“If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” -   Sun Tzu
"@gmannn1983 @realDonaldTrump best ties anywhere class all the way"  Thanks.
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp; Obama should apologize
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
"@nothreeputt You have to admit @realDonaldTrump was correct Valhalla much better course to the eye than Pinehurst. #notamuni" So true!
"@ShadesOfLilac: RT “@realDonaldTrump: We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.” Completely agree Mr. Trump."
"@CMSKPK: Watch out Sir! My daughter and I are the next Donald &amp; Ivanka! I'm coming for you...with a business proposal of course!"
Young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
“The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.”-Winston Churchill
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Let’s take the Senate and stop Obama’s dangerous agenda.
The $200M in renovations of Trump Int’l Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers travelling on the taxpayer dime will Obama hold today?
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a "highway" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
"@Sprkle:  Your opinions on #Ebola were outstanding and intelligent. If only we could channel some of this common sense to the WH.."
"@SteveGutzler: In the end you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump
"@happygirl71929: Our current government doesn't have the balls to do what needs to be done....Yet ANOTHER reason for you to Run!"
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
Briarcliff  Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clue—bad roads a total puppet of the mayor?  @westchestergov
We should have taken the oil in Iraq and now our mortal enemies have got it and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
"@Jon_Senior: Mr Trump sir how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? All of them?" All!
"@TrickyMackey: @Tidmore He seems to be doing the right thing. He's taking a stand for America and asking 4 some common sense about Ebola."
"@BerryBrite1: @realDonaldTrump They knew the risk when they went to Africa. They choose it freely."
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients while others from the area are fleeing to the United States is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our "borders." Act fast!
"@BigBoie7531:  To all the liberal do gooders this is the Plague you idiots! No cure! @ You may have confidence in the CDC but I don't!"
"@Mrs_VGomez: @realDonaldTrump Yes !! The government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too !!"
"@BarbaraSMayer: @realDonaldTrump You are right about the Ebola patients. It's a deadly virus and they shouldn't bring them to the US."
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
Just as I have been predicting for years Iraq will fall to the people that hate  the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad."Keep the oil"
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
"@MickyArison @realDonaldTrump @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral thanks a really nice addition to the Doral neighborhood." Thank you.
“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.” - Steve Jobs
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them  at the highest level over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!
"@pauljmarsico: @realDonaldTrump @buffalobills Only if the price is right will Mr. Trump make this deal."
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
If our border is not secure we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
"@maathewdavis: Got my Dad a Trump tie from Macy's for Father's Day. he loves it. he says it's the best tie he's ever owned!" Great.
"@GolfSwingShirt: @realDonaldTrump  I have the two ties on the right..great quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot."
"@TheMiniFed: Only man qualified to be president in 2016 is @realdonaldtrump" Thank you-I guarantee that the U.S.A. will be respected again!
In order to be successful especially to be very successful you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
In any business there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
"@dhesi604 @realDonaldTrump when does the trump tower in Vancouver bc open up? The pool bar is gonna be awesome" 1 year thanks.
"@UK_MikeP @TrumpChicago  saw the Trump letters on hotel for first time. Very tasteful and classy. Hotel is an architectural gem." Thank you
"@Pearcyyy @realDonaldTrump Even i want you to become the president of the United States and i'm from Britain! #Legend #Trump"  Cute!
"@sluggok @realDonaldTrump Thank You for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriors.It's much appreciated." My honor thank you.
Celebrated doctor @BillCassidy will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana – send a Conservative to the Senate vote for Bill this November!
Watch – Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp; did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
"@VikesRealist: @realDonaldTrump Is Obama the worst President ever?" Top of the list!
"@sluthoee: I know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better Job if you were the president of the United States instead of Obama!" True
"@LindaBales1: "@gretawire: .@realDonaldTrump just said "Mexico is called the highway to the United States" #BorderCrisis"" True!
It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!  It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
“Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.”- Reed Markham
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole.
This summer is very tough for the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman. Moreland Commission is his disaster.
So many major problems for the U.S. and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?  Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
@LateNightSeth  I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward mumbling jerk. Too bad!
"@AuthenticBrett: .@realDonaldTrump When is Celebrity Apprentice coming back? Its the best show on tv. #donaldtrump #yourefired" In the Fall
"@RyanDodd75: Couldn't help but notice how crispy the @realDonaldTrump shirts look at Macy's! #clean"
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
“Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.” – Think Like a Champion
"@SmithToddM @TrumpTowerNY after i read The Art of the Deal i made it a goal to visit Trump tower. I visited in 91. Breathtaking." Thank you
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1 at a cost of millions of dollars a day for the purpose of politics &amp; play!
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end that is what counts.
"@MargoShear The Donald's going to be saying "You're Hired" to lots of people in the District! @wusa9" True!
"@CatheMazanowicz: @realDonaldTrump God bless you for the jobs for so many unemployed! Can't wait for the new hotel! Fabulous as always.
"@seaburbia: @realDonaldTrump @usgsa much like taking over the gov. Ice rink something will finally get done there as well."
"@MSchneble: @realDonaldTrump it's great to see that the Trump name will be in DC"  Thank you.
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
"@jeddprice: @realDonaldTrump Maybe the USA needs to cancel all the rest of Obama's vacations to actually deal with this."
We are now at a time perhaps more than ever before when the World needs GREAT leadership!
"@MelanieNews8: The Donald @realdonaldtrump is in town. Find out why. @NewsChannel8 this morning."
“Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.” - Bill Russell
I try to learn from the past but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
Many people have said I’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
.@jimmykimmel is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Remember the old saying "The more you learn the more you realize you don't know" -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – Babe Ruth
.@McIlroyRory  Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.
"@BitLegal: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump America NEEDS you. Be the Reagan to Obama's Carter. Please run for President in 2016."
"@foxesden8: Scottish choir coming to New York in January. How would you like Scottish songs sung in the foyer of TrumpTower New York"  Yes!
"@WorldReachTech: @realDonaldTrump @greta The saddest moment in American history was the fact Obama was elected POTUS on broken promises"
"@chunkenberry: .@realDonaldTrump  FUTURE PRESIDENT TRUMP! YOU HAVE THE RIGHT MIND TO FIX THIS COUNTRY AFTER 8 YEARS OF NOBAMA"  I agree!
See yourself as having a lot already and keep your integrity intact. It’s the best path to comprehensive success. -  Think Like a Champion
"@Youxia88: @realDonaldTrump @123Jayne Maybe he will "trump" the competition.
"@senators8: @realDonaldTrump When's celebrity apprentice starting?"  Just finished shooting - in the Fall.
"@Hasam_A: “@realDonaldTrump: Winning isn't everything but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi” 👌"
Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems be ready to fight for your rights &amp; all will be well – Trump Never Give Up
Winning isn't everything but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi
If Obama is concerned about the border he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
"@Continuum9112: Wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life?" Interesting!
"@TAlcornVan: @realDonaldTrump You got my vote! But please don't make the middle class suffer more! I have complete faith in you Donald!"
"@kenziewilliams_: DonaldTrump needs to to be the next president. Only person I can even think of that could fix such a f*ucked up nation"
"@TheDougGrant: @realDonaldTrump Good advice for Romney during the last election - maybe this time he will listen."
"@SchuetzKatie: Please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! Please America needs you!!! #Donaldtrump #president"
"@Nardokids: @TrumpSoHo @realDonaldTrump Amazing. The people you hire for design are incredible"  Thanks.
“Out of clutter find Simplicity. From discord find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.”–Albert Einstein
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
Again I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate some not!
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!
"@SciFreitag: @realDonaldTrump: "I believe in one thing only the power of human will" #PresidentTrump2016"
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
The @Washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved left years ago
"@ursulacurtin:  @cantget300 Hands off - we need him as President here in Ireland - he has the golf club here so that's a start!!!!"  Cute!
"@jomi101: @realDonaldTrump I love t recent pole showing Obama as the worst pres and Bush as t 2nd worst since WWII lol!!!"
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!
"@DerrickFawley:  Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill”"
"@ThaSugarMaker: @realDonaldTrump It seems you are the only one who speaks the truth. Wether we want to hear it or not..."
"@devhop: @realDonaldTrump they renamed it Climate Change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes."
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people get smart!
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
Again for all of the haters and losers I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
"@JoeSillett: Only followed @realDonaldTrump from across the pond for a couple of weeks but his use of @twitter is superb. #ManOfThePeople"
"@ASRteamMatt: @realDonaldTrump Now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground.
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!
"@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump hoping NBC announces a premiere date of Apprentice today at press tour! Everyone misses the show. Soon.
"@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump. Now I really hope u're contesting for that seat in the "White House" come 2016."  Watch!
"@tahanna: @cs522 @StdyeddyD Mr Trump even the trolls hang on your every word! They pretend to despise you! Ignore keep inspiring!"
THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
"@jonhinck: Oh @realDonaldTrump surely if you had been elected president the United States would still reign supreme." 100% certain!
"@StdyeddyD: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump rocks. I wish I had the money to play his great Golf Courses. He epitomizes success."  Work hard!
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work stick-to-itiveness and common sense.  -- Thomas A. Edison
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
.@JustinRose99 Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot!
On June 1st. near Washington D.C. I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River
"@Mr_Hawk440: @realDonaldTrump your daughter would be great on The View. Why not someone interesting for once ?" Now that would really work!
"@RonGreenJr: Trump has reason to be proud of his Trump International Scotland course. Spectacular setting great fun. The Donald delivered"
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
"@VerumVulnero1: I dig the Trump Chicago sign. Say whatever you want about @realDonaldTrump...he builds beautiful buildings.".So true!
"@jeff_smith7: @realDonaldTrump Maybe Perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the Rio Grande to lure Obama to see the border?"
"@BackOnTrackUSA:We should be placing tariffs on Mexican goods coming into this country to reimburse the American taxpayer&amp;secure the border
If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record no problem
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
“Don't fight the problem decide it.” – General George C. Marshall
“Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.” – Trump Never Give Up
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies i.e. Mexico and others.
.@AlexSalmond I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate.
"@KaelaDianne97: The only way to fix our country's mess is @realDonaldTrump for president in 2016! HE IS THE SMARTEST AND MOST CAPABLE MAN!
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not he doesn't have "it"
"@ErikEstrada:  @MikeMcLeod14 Mr. Trump - I agree with you and your stance on the American Flag waving proudly over the golf course.Gracias"
"@seaopdet1: Stand up and help us Trump!!! Please!!! Someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office!"
"@IMill5: Why can't @realDonaldTrump run our country? The man knows his stuff!!"
"@TBuffT: @realDonaldTrump on @gretawire "When was the last time something positive has happened in this country?" Hmmmm....So true"
"@swraley: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when I graduate #trumpera" True.
"@PhilStephen @JustinRose99 @realDonaldTrump sensational. Make sure you play the full 18 before you go..."  Thanks Phil.
"@JustinRose99 Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland the course is amazing." Thanks Justin play well this week.
"@tedbishop38pga The talk of Scottish Open is all Trump International. Rose J Walker Phil and Rory all loving it "Majorly" Thx Ted enjoy!
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
“As you go through life you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.” – Neil Young
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
"@GoodGuyKuchar: Keep fighting for the #American flag @realDonaldTrump!" I will!
"@johnathonm: @realDonaldTrump @nsaidian already happened look at Detroit. They turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago" USA NEXT!
"@TweetMyJobs: "In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish." - Donald Trump"
“Set the example and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. That’s the best way to work with people you like.” – Think Like a Champion
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
"@chargermike41:  @BackOnTrackUSA wtf. Free to the immigrants? But the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay?"
“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
"@CarrGaz @realdonaldtrump believes Trump Turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world."  True easy.
"@meander2011 Mr Trump please treat Turnberry GC with respect. Hearing about the Lighthouse and your plans......it's iconic..."  I will!
"@k940creed: @realDonaldTrump saw the #trump building in Vegas today. BEAUTIFUL! Chicago is still my favorite!"
"@stutskey: Thanks @realDonaldTrump for putting my name on the top of the TV screen when I turn it on! #trumpinternationaltowerlasvegas"
"@dgeurtt: Reading #ThinkLikeAChampion by @realDonaldTrump - THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL PERSON! Thank you Mr. Trump" Thank you.
"@Halesy74: Just watched the CNN living golf segment. Interesting interview and Trump International course was looking spectacular!!"
"@Atlanta_Event: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump"
"@Manruss: @realDonaldTrump @BackOnTrackUSA It was "helping" Iraq that caused this problem in the first place."
"@your_cousin: @realDonaldTrump only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country #1 again. Trump 2016"  I agree!
"@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump Typical I bet the Dems will "surrender" the oil over to the Russians &amp; Chinese as payment for our debts etc.
"@AdelBMoufarrej: Mr. Trump you are avoiding the responsibility of running for President since the nineties. Be patriotic and run.." Watch!
"@automobilelens: If "The Donald" were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! Try to Trump that cowboys!"
"@kornegay_danna: We have a bunch of idiots running the Government! Why Americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me"
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus don't give up and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
@Trump_Charlotte  I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.
Happy 4th of July to everyone  including the haters and losers!
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.--  Ralph Waldo Emerson
.@SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course"  Thank you.
"@TV_BD @realDonaldTrump what's the best advice to be successful in business?" Have passion for your work. Then focus and never give up.
"@Cannestrader74  I find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading. It is proving invaluable so thank you." Great thx
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
"@zakspace11: @MattGinellaGC @realDonaldTrump was just at turnberry.. The place is awesome"
"@michelleazulll: “@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution not the problem.”"
"@billkellyemail: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of Chicago!
"@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read!" The Art of the Deal"
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon  Scotland time. The place is amazing!
"@billkellyemail:  @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of Chicago have left!"
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire a dream a vision.  Muhammad Ali
"@DISTRICTLAND14 @realDonaldTrump We know a fourth-grader who thinks he's the next Trump!"  Tell him to work hard!
"@HeyWNY @The_Open  let's get Turnberry back in the rotation. Mr Trump has given to the game so much in such a short time i.e. Doral" Thanks
"@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about @WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read!" The Art of the Deal
"@MatthewJEllis2                       BREATHTAKING!! Finally Trump has begun the rebuilding of our nation's capital. Sir well done" Thanks
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution not the problem.
"I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance." Steve Jobs
"@DouglasSeacat1: Where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds?" So true!
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
The more you know the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
"@wrcosentino @TrumpTowerNY was there for the 1st time last week beautiful bldg inside too!!"  Thanks.
"Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time." - Think Like a Champion
"@redslightning: @realDonaldTrump country needs the right person for the job there's only one! trump 2016" Thanks.
"@KyleWeaverr: @realDonaldTrump When is the Celebrity Apprentice coming back? I'm going through withdrawal! #soonplease"  Soon!
"@GreggScharin: We need you to push the issues that this country is facing no one else will lay it on the line like you will! #TrumpCarson"
Always remember I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't McCain couldn't.
"@dmolesevich: @realDonaldTrump you are the only person that can beat Hillary"  Many are saying that interesting!
"@MitchConnor4: @realDonaldTrump after watching the roast of you I can confirm you are ready to be president!" It was fun thanks.
"@MSantiago70: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! Your the only one for the job"
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
After these spirited primaries are over @GOP must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate we stop Obama’s agenda.
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq many people wanted me to say that “I told you so!” – so I told you so.
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
It’s Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman wearing today?
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry after we blew the hell out of the place says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
"@GeneralGCuster: @realDonaldTrump @Surajlalla  It's time to start your political career. The people want you to run."
"@KPPhotography38:  Donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down! I loved your sign in Chicago. #trumpforpresident"
"@ProfilesChatter: @realDonaldTrump @wftragni If Trump can control his crazy then it's a go . He can make the U.S. great again."Is no crazy
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S. this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
"@HearUsNowUSA1: “@realDonaldTrump: "@rhino848484 @realDonaldTrump in Chicago on a business trip. I love seeing the Trump name!!" Thanks!”
"@sonnyhhunter: @realDonaldTrump just got a phone survey about your sign in Chicago - love it &amp; the beautiful building it's on. Well done."
"@rhino848484 @realDonaldTrump in Chicago on a business trip.  I love seeing the Trump name!!" Thanks!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
"@wftragni:  @realDonaldTrump to get America back on track. Trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. Don't hate."
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
I am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in Buffalo where it belongs!
"@BlutoGrandex Know how u can tell Trump is successful? Almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w/ his name in them" Interesting!
Great going @themichellewie –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter @TNGCJ
"@InTheElections: @TheRealHOodRept @realDonaldTrump The Obama administration is the American disaster TRUMP 2016 is the solution." So true!
"@dexcaliber:  I have to confess I think the Mr. Trump would have been a much better President then this fool we hav in office now."
"@DonCaasi: "@realDonaldTrump: Always make a total effort even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag""
"@D The government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel. Now they go through Mexico. Wish DonaldTrump was in charge"
Always make a total effort even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
The failing @NYDailyNews which just raised its prices because it’s dying said I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Dishonest.
The dying @NYDailyNews asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff  &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
"@nikkio: DonaldTrump. The Turnberry is your global Crown Jewel...Anybody who is anybody will add this resort to their "must visit" list."
"@gabtrojan: @realDonaldTrump surely an amazing thing for America if you run the country. Great mind at work!"  Would make U.S. great again!
"@algiers4: @realDonaldTrump @Reinosooo YOU ARE THE LIGHT. THE ONLY HUMAN WHO CAN GUIDE THIS NATION TO THE EAGLES WINGS AND LANDS BEYOND!!!"
"@AKD72: @realDonaldTrump I bet you will make hell of a president  the world needs presidents like you"
"@mrkhanm87: Everyone wants to be Donald Trump yet no one knows what he has been through in past. No one wants to accept the hard work."
"@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump Donald you're the man"  Thanks!
"@AboutTheRock: Who do I look up to? The answer is Donald Trump."  Thank you work hard and smart.
"@DarkPig2: @Anggitalestari1 @realDonaldTrump America and the world needs a smart strongpatriotic leaderMr Trump is that man." I agree!
"@DustinDeMoss: @realDonaldTrump I disagree with you on A LOT of things but you're spot on on the 5." Well finally!
"@CoreyKotowski: @realDonaldTrump they are laughing on their way to the bank."
"@jmagiera: @realDonaldTrump right on donald! your tweets on the Cent. Park 5 are the truth!"
"@RiskyLiberal: @realDonaldTrump Donald you are the smartest man ever and the most visionary!"  Thanks!
I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their "clients"
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars or are they paid  by the City (or both)?
"@BROONEYBROONEY: @realDonaldTrump love your thoughts and opinions on the Central Park 5!
"@tx_shaun @realDonaldTrump I think Rahm Emanuel really likes the sign he just complains because your not a bleeding heart liberal like him
"@WhiteShaunwhite  I salute Your courage and work Sir! You possess All the Entrepreneurial and Leadership Qualities. Y not Run for President
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
"@ashk @realDonaldTrump I'm in NYC for the first time.. Probably gonna visit Trump Tower. Will you be in town? I need to meet my roll model"
"@cliffwf: @realDonaldTrump love the sign in Chicago. Its got class."
"@chiefsnation25: @realDonaldTrump I love u your the man!!!! Great interview on @sternshow
"@MissSariBrooke @realDonaldTrump I'm going to Chicago next week and I'm def going to get a pic with the new TRUMP sign! #chicago #trumpsign
"@sdnc13: @realDonaldTrump when you do the things you've done you can put your name on it!!!"  Thanks.
"@katiemacla: @realDonaldTrump @jijassim One of the best hotel stays I've ever had in the world. Superb all around! #bravo #chicagosbest"
"@hockey_brenna13: Listening to @realDonaldTrump on the Howard Stern Show....what a guy!" @sternshow
"@jazminvgarcia: I am seriously afraid for our country. People don't realize the U.S is headed for economic destruction. @realDonaldTrump"
"@splashmediabstn: @realDonaldTrump I love the sign!
"@wisegirlsrule: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago I find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation!!!"
"@Helpful_Karen:T R U M P in lights ! Never turn the light out ! .trumphotelcollection.com/Chicago/ @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump Great job!
“Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears.” - Bobby Jones
"@krdevine: @realDonaldTrump very excited to see what the future holds for the new Trump Turnberry. Any clues?"  It will be GREAT!
"@Mike_Sherwood03: I love the new sign in Chicago! It makes my drive down Lakeshore Drive that much better! Keep up the good work!" Thanks.
I actually enjoyed the piece re sign @TheDailyShow. Could it be that I’m starting to like Jon Stewart?
"@cycick   Donald Trump is the King of quotes you really should listen to him!"Thanks.
"@aj3fla @realDonaldTrump great job on @HowardStern this week. Always the best radio with the two of you."  Thank you.
Resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. @PrimeMinisterSX  should be ashamed for allowing this.
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. @PrimeMinisterSX
"@jlk5253 @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago I love the sign. It is tasteful and classy just like everything you do." Thank you.
Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt heart of our country’s factory sector has been destroyed by our leaders.
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.
US Army Reserve @leezeldin will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so will Obama apologize to him?
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @TrumpChicago. I am honored by the great support.
"@Tbaldwin510Todd: @realDonaldTrump @bfc0312 I would love the ass whopping you would give to Hillary!"
"@JamieeMingg: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait for the new season of @ApprenticeNBC U R MY FAV TV STAR"  Thank you.
"@wRiTeItNoW_: Do you want to be INSPIRED? Watch @Joan_Rivers on the Apprentice Season Eight!!!! AMAZING woman! Thanks for choosing her!"
"@BackOnTrackUSA:Not only is America not leading in the world anymore under Obama America is destabilizing the world &amp; making it dangerous.
"@attaanago: Watching back to back episodes of The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump ....best show ever!!!"  Thank you.
"@iamkeysersoze: I think the sign matches the personality of the structure. Bold but classy. What’s wrong with #knuckleheadsinthemedia"
"@EmilyJeffrie @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago you know the meaning of class luxury and the pursuit of the American dream! #winner! Thanks
"@keyboardbrian: @realDonaldTrump Being the Donald fan for many years yes the sign looks fantastic!"
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House @SteveCrisafulli – a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
"@clarkr3000  Love the Sign in Chicago! You built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it. Kudos!"  Thank you.
"@Kennokevin: @realDonaldTrump After the pics i've seen the sign makes the tower look great. Hands down best looking tower in Chicago."
"@aj_baldwin: @HowardStern Today's show was fantastic! @realDonaldTrump was awesome and the real doll w/ Eric was priceless."
"@CatheMazanowicz: We know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. Putting Turnberry on my bucket list...."  Great!
"@StephenGrubba: @realDonaldTrump You were great today on @HowardStern. Hope you buy the @buffalobills.
"@TheKeshKid: @realDonaldTrump for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident"
"@BC4040  @TrumpChicago Looks Great! @ night I saw it Saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too!"  Great thanks!
"@DavidGinsburg Once again @realDonaldTrump kills on the @SternShow. Trump/@rqui ticket in 2016! :)"  Thanks!
"@dalstar009 @realDonaldTrump needs to call into the @sternshow more often!!!" Thanks.
"@top40mogul There is never enough Trump on @sternshow! Why not have him on the phone at least once per month? @HowardStern" Thanks!
"@paigekblake  Of all the places I've stayed in Oahu Trump International is the best! #greatservice #besthotel #awesomestaff #luxury" Thx!
"@DavidGordonJr: Tower in Chicago is beautiful the "name" is the only sign of success they've had in years... jealousy for sure!"
"@user33131: "@realDonaldTrump: "@1more77: @realDonaldTrump incredible interview on the @HowardStern show. Please please run for President!"
"@tojo413:  Spent the night at the Trump Tower...awesome! Best lookin' building in Chi-Town. Powerful lookin' sign too @RahmEmanuel"
"@AveGratiaPlena: @realDonaldTrump I saw Trump Tower in Chicago on Fox...it looks beautiful! Congratulations! Love the TRUMP sign too."
"@TheKeshKid: @realDonaldTrump for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident"
"@natalieccook @realDonaldTrump the best thing to happen to ur country is 2 c Mr Trump as President. 1st thing to change...ur health system.
"@johnstockwell: Another great appearance by @realDonaldTrump on @HowardStern! Hope to catch a replay on the drive home."
"@jrmarsy: @realDonaldTrump do u think the republicans will force the "lost emails" to be found?" No it is not in them!
"@grapewhiskey: @sternshow  Can't believe all the hate trump gets. Hearing him and @HowardStern go back&amp;forth is good radio simple as that!"
"@1more77: @realDonaldTrump incredible interview on the @HowardStern show. Please please run for President!"
"@Mhennessh: @realDonaldTrump I live in Chicago and love the sign! I look at it everyday!!" Thanks.
"@trcyhwlls: @realDonaldTrump I heard the show and am now a fan. You were so honest and real!" Thanks.
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun and interesting talking to Howard!
"@LaytonJPalmer: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016 is the only way to go!"
"@CROMO__: It would be amazing to see @realDonaldTrump run for president. I would vote for him with the quickness. #Trump2016"
It's time to let Pete Rose the all time hits leader into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!
"@jwpros: If @realDonaldTrump can build such a successful businessimagine the endless possibilities he could achieve as president!" TRUE!
"@LisaNoelBryson: @realDonaldTrump We need you to run this country! 2016! The year of the Donald!"
"@LifeVibeVision: @realDonaldTrump @paranormalfact How about you look inside - because truthfully you're the solution.
"@hunterstiehler: @realDonaldTrump you have the type of business mind we need in office! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016"
"@Lady_Rin_Kelly: @realDonaldTrump I love the sign! Please let's make a hashtag that seems like it solves all world problems."
"@adhowe5: I thought the Trump signage was very well done. Looks great! @realDonaldTrump"
"@TheBrazilTrader: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE THE SIGN"
"@Platinumevent: @realDonaldTrump the only problem with the #Trump sign in #Chicago are the people complaining about it!"
"@tttmon: @realDonaldTrump You are amazing! I loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl."  Thank you my great honor!
"@nicrob650: @realDonaldTrump playing in September the day after playing Trump Aberdeen! Can't wait... Bucket list courses!" Have fun.
"@jry227:  I have lived in Chicago my whole life love the sign. It brings class to the River. Don't know what the big deal is!"
"@hufseyg: Got to see the new 'Trump' letters on @realDonaldTrump Chicago skyscraper. Looks amazing"
"@bigD921: @realDonaldTrump @jrnicholas8 I hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term"
"@jrnicholas8: Love the "Trump" in Chicago. Those who don't like it are jealous! Capitalism is where it's at! We need more signs like it!"
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!
"@joebud123: @realDonaldTrump Which one of your books should I read first?" The Art of the Deal
"@BackOnTrackUSA:  Remember the terrorists that Obama has been arming in Syria against Assad. Well now they are marching on Bagdad."
"@BackOnTrackUSA These are the same terrorists Obama has been arming in Syria &amp; have attacked us on 911.Obama's foreign policy is a disaster
Success comes with hard work focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game you cannot get lucky.
When ISIS caught the soldiers do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
"Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you." - Vince Lombardi
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town—(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because I’m a lover of golf—and that look on TV hurts golf badly.
"@odonnelltw: @realDonaldTrump Pinehurst #2 is what happens when environmentalists take over the USGA!"
"@davidcanlas88:  I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl."
"@thespinepillow: @realDonaldTrump please run for prez. Would b great to have a real man in the White House again."
"@JeniferStevens:  Awful look to it.....Not like Trump in Palm Beach and Briarcliff or Scotland that I've played. Your courses are the best"
"@peterkleschen:  @CharlieMaikis Pineworst #2 is a number two alright a dump. Turn on the water! Since when R the Carolinas in drought?"
"@magnumCJ: @realDonaldTrump told the truth all day about Pinehurst 2. It is just not a good looking US Open course."  So true!
"@DeannaSpillyard: Chicago should be so lucky to have the King of New York invest in their city! Love the sign!! It should be bigger JMO!"
"@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump We need Trump 1) in the NFL 2) in the Oval Office and 3) on his own reality show." Cute!
"@troytreanor: @shanebacon which got more viewers: final round of @usopengolf or @realDonaldTrump tweets about the course?"  Trump!
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!
Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA" Great playing from beginning to end!
"@welsh @realDonaldTrump you have made some great courses but dont think that gives you the right to comment on every golf course! I agree!
"@GolferMatt23: @realDonaldTrump Are the @MasterCard commercials filmed at Trump National LA?"  Yes.
"@g3stover: @MattGinellaGC is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with @realDonaldTrump"  I can beat him in golf even easier!
"@vmisciagna: @realDonaldTrump I've played the new Doral which is awesome-one day I hope to play another Trump course"
"@jeffokrina: @CBSSports @EyeOnGolf @realDonaldTrump: I agree with the Donald. What a goat track! I'll take the beauty of Pebble any day!"
@MattGinellaGC  I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league
@MattGinellaGC  My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying!
"@aec4444: @realDonaldTrump please don't let the USGA ruin your course in 2017 like they did Pinehurst."  I won't!
"@Robert_W_GA: @realDonaldTrump they think the course should be "old school" you know like "before lawn care technology" aka goats!"
I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!
"@MomMom: Just saw the video of the bus driver saving the woman from jumping off overpass. You gave him a reward....good job Donald!" Thanks
"@timgerzabek: @realDonaldTrump @GolfDigestMag I thought this was the US Open not the wanna be British Open"
"@jshamie:  @GolfDigestMag couldn't agree more. The course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. BORING FINISH!!!"
@GolfDigestMag  Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which by the way blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned.
.@HollySandersGC. Remember it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!
I would like to wish all fathers even the haters and losers a very happy Fathers Day.
"@zp_3: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday from your Trump Towers in West Palm. Keep up the good work!" A great place thanks.
"@Kirby_Weasley: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive."  Thanks.
"@noahhoch: Happy birthday to @realDonaldTrump the wisest man in the US. #2016"  Thanks.
"@CareyTim6: Happy birthday to @realDonaldTrump the man we need to lead us in the future. #Trump2016"  Thank you.
"@AAndreakis: @realDonaldTrump Happy B-Day Mr. Trump you are a great inspiration for many people around the world! May God Bless You Mr. T!
"@dcolon2112: All hate'n T This was my tweet "Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course Looks awful""
"@der_karsten: @realDonaldTrump Happy birthday to the best businessman in the world"  Thank you.
"@jwkeen: Happy Birthday to The Donald @realDonaldTrump. It will take men like him to make the USA great again. #2016." Thanks.
.@BlairKamin Blair you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp; sign PR
"@ChristianL2499: @realDonaldTrump You're the man Mr. Trump! #DonaldTrump2016" Thanks.
.@MattGinellaGC Matt the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course"awful" was not made by me but tweeted to me
.@MattGinellaGC  It's true Matt the NEW "Blue Monster" is better than Pinehurst so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp; Trump Aberdeen blow it away!
"@phagan2: @realDonaldTrump your children are smart and capable. You must take the reins and get the USA back #1"  It can be done.
"@DougHutchins77: @realDonaldTrump The world just won't be safe until the name Trump is emblazoned on the White House."
"@Scleroshima: @realDonaldTrump you called it about 4 years ago about "the spoils of war" its all coming true now."  So true!
"@dcolon2112: @realDonaldTrump Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course! Looks awful!"
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq take over the country &amp; oil and "O" will say thanks
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
"@roebeauty: Calling the sign &amp;“Trump" name tasteless is ridiculous! Its exactly the opposite. You always put beauty in your details.
"@ruvie18: Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrumpmy best author I never get tired of reading" think big" and the apprentice!
"@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Happy birthday to the best businessman in America!"  Thank you.
"@Demontre4: @realDonaldTrump just looked at the sign and it looks great"
"@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!"
"@ThePrimeHost: @realDonaldTrump LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others." Thanks.
"@ThePrimeHost: @realDonaldTrump LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others."
"@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!"
"@MissPSpencer: @realDonaldTrump Love the Trump sign👍Amazing!!"
"@TVmaryd: @realDonaldTrump I love the Trump sign on your Chicago building. It's beautiful and it's your branding of Trump. Keep fighting!
"@FASHfrontrunner: @realDonaldTrump Love the signage on the Chicago building! I think you should request even bigger letters!
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarine
"@CJohnson623: @realDonaldTrump I love the Trump building in Chicago"
"@kverb12345: @realDonaldTrump sign is the right size given size of the building."
"@Danoh1952: @TODAYshow @realDonaldTrump I like the Trump sign.
"@Radosevich: Love the sign! #Chicago! Do not cross #THEDONALD @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP"
"@PartTimer32: @realDonaldTrump love the new sign in Chicago....adds some real intelligence to the city #keepfighting#PresidentTrump.
"@cotyybaby: Why the fuss? Trump has the most beautiful building in Chicago! That sign will be iconic #TRUMP #Elegance #TrumpChicago"
"@fullybop: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP! Love the sign in Chi Town! #trump4president" Thank you.
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place).
"@ThisIsJoshSmith: I'll say it -- you are likely the *only* Republican who could realistically beat Hillary in 2016. Please consider running
"@DON_Ekwegba: When Mr. Trump wants to get at something he goes all the way. He Walks-the-talk. There are only a few of them left! Thank you
"@aureliusjb: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump I love your sign it really spiffs up that stodgy old town. Keep up the great style statements."
"@laura711hender: @realDonaldTrump Live in the suburbs but saw the TRUMP sign on your beautiful building. Really classy! Love it!"
"@Annmajkrzak: @AP  @cbschicago I like the Trump Logo on the building! I feel this is a personal fight! &amp; will this fight cost IL residents"
"@Nickkleutsch: @realDonaldTrump @trumpchicago personally I think the letters should be higher up. Make sure everyone can see that name!"
Dopey @chicagotribune critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.
Before I bought the site the Sun Times had the biggest ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
"@lifesanthem @TrumpVancouver Good news. 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world!" A great place!
"@GOOD_ggg  @TrumpGolf With GOOD service at his clubs imagine the service Mr Trump could give American people as Pres!"  True!
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator the answer is Darrell Hammond.
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets letters and calls…
A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got fired—for the failing @chicagotribune likes the building but doesn’t like the Trump sign
"@stac: Following @realDonaldTrump was one of the best decisions I've made on twitter. Love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating"
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s
Iraq told us to get out Iraq is now falling and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL and I mean ALL OF IT!
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned @Nia_Sanchez_!
The @GOP primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp; @DaveBratVA7th won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
Congratulations to @BretBaier on the immediate &amp; tremendous success of his book ‘Special Heart.’ Already in its third printing!
"@DavidInspired:Trump wouldn't be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! People would once again respect the US if he was elected! #TRUMP2016
"@Koonskin: .@realDonaldTrump would make an amazing president. Best ever! Sadly I don't think he has the guts to run. A shame." We'll see!
"@BigPapaPruett: @realDonaldTrump The Smartest Businessman and the best President we could ever elect into office thus far!!!!! #Trump4Prez
"@SMarkelon: Get this liar out of the White House. @realDonaldTrump for president 2016! He has the drive and business leadership we need!"
"@BravoFan2014: @realDonaldTrump @MissCassie1230 he has my vote we need an Patriot in the White House again."
"@zahmad_a:It is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from Iraq w/o having a fully prepared Iraqi Army." Wrong they could NEVER do it!
"@MissCassie1230: @realDonaldTrump for President! Smarter than any man in the USA!"  I agree thanks!
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
"@pamplinfilmco: @realDonaldTrump @Jenn641 Can't wait 2 see the White House makeover when Trump is president." Our country would thrive!
"@AlexDavisChevy: Next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. Would vote for you in a heartbeat! #TrumpEm #Trump4Prez"
As I have said the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!
"@AskMrWhitey: @realDonaldTrump You have the finances and the name. And we have the votes... Get on it. Lets make it happen."
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
"@lovebautistafan: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpToronto @mdamelincourt By far the best hotel i've ever stayed at! Mr. D is tremendous."
I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning!  OIL.
"@FilmBatonRouge  Loved having @realDonaldTrump in town over the weekend for #MissUSA  A beautiful city filled with beautiful girls" Thanks
"@PiersComments: The only strong leader that the Republicans have at the moment is Donald Trump."
"@alexniekamp: @realDonaldTrump Loving the new TRUMP sign going up in Chicago!" Thank you!
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur""
"@pzharris: You have to love @realDonaldTrump Tells it like it is - no BS. Aren't you tired of all the BS?"
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur
"@DixonAgnes: As a Scot thank you for what u do for the beautiful country of Scotland. But US needs u in DC. #presidentdonaldtrump"
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!
The man made "climate change" that our "great" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM.
"@killen2015: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president in 2016I'd totally vote for him.We need a business man to get the economy back on track
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact it is not even close!
REMEMBER the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!
The same "brilliant" negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor  are now making trade deals with China &amp; others.No chance
"@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump You are the most gracious man in the business nowadays! #Trump2016" I have not heard that one but thanks!
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security Medicareand Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars much of it to China!
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvaniaan interesting and amazing story
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump"
Obama is without question the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
"@Ry_Ceo: @realDonaldTrump i always tell people to vote for Donald Trump if he runs for  president. He knows the real deal!"
"@elChucacabra: @realDonaldTrump Obama can strike a deal with the Taliban but can't make a deal with congress."
"@Boycottmaypac: @realDonaldTrump He got the president to show his Birth Certificate! He has clout my friend! He can really stir things up!"
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
"@fear_no_evil89 @realDonaldTrump is not afraid to tell the truth &amp; stand up for what he thinks is right #GOP2016 #Trump2016" Thank you
"@iCheko_LOM All Mr. @realDonaldTrump is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth. Loving the tweets." Thank you.
"@MikeyGojca @realDonaldtrump         speaks the truth and is as successful as he is... must be doing something right." I guess so thanks!
"@_lizzly  Nearly anything would be more effective than Obama. @realDonaldTrump is the ideal candidate for this country's restoration"  Thx.
Obama betrays Israel yet again our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas breaking long standing US policy.
.@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
"@nklaeger We need a successful business person to upright the USA...no rookies. Trump is the man to do it!"  Thanks I agree!
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
"@paulscuz @realDonaldTrump I think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money. #Trump2016"  True!
"If you like to work hard you will attract people with the same ethic." - Think Like a Billionaire
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
"@Wolf_Hausmann: What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. --Donald Trump"
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
“The entrepreneur’s ability to dream to win lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.” – Midas Touch
“The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.” – Midas Touch
Moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries it is crucial that the Tea Party &amp; @GOP remain united towards November. Take the Senate!
"@LisaV27 @realDonaldTrump I want you Mr. Trump as the president" Well we'd better get someone fast--the U.S. is going down--fast.
"@DebsSay @RepLeadConf Enjoyed seeing you at the RLC Mr. Trump! Great speech! We need real leadership in America!" Thank you.
“It's a tough game and you never want to take that aspect out of the game.” – @NYRangers Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
Because of our terrible leaders it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Great deal we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. That’s how the U.S. negotiates nowadays.
"@Taylor_McBath Obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. We are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions"
"@Ralphige: Who knew al Qaeda had such good negotiators. Impressive 5 for 1 against the mighty USA @realDonaldTrump"
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
"@alextbailey: @realDonaldTrump  @Letterman If you run as Donald Trump and not a Democrat or Republican the people will vote for you!"
"@Greek1958: Looking forward seeing @realDonaldTrump on @Letterman tonight. Has my vote as the next #POTUS" Thanks.
"@deniseprobe: Your time on the David letterman show was so much more interesting than dr Phil on kimmel show. You look good. I'd vote 4 u"
Entrepreneurs:  If you cannot handle the tough times you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong!
"@amitgupta9 @realDonaldTrump is the visionary with the midas touch. America Good times are on their way..."  Thanks.
"@woodrowwinters  nothing would make me prouder than to see Mr. Trump in the Oval office. Business would get done." Thanks and true.
"@TalismanJohnnyA Been waiting 3 WEEKS for my fix...D is the man and just states things 'the way they are'. Love his segments." Great thx.
.@ArsenioHall just got “fired”—the people spoke ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead but he blew it!
"@HeisenBarry: Cant wait to see you in the Oval Office! @realDonaldTrump"  Make America great again!
"@Negroamigo11: @realDonaldTrump is the right man for the job #Trump2016"
"@petewaite976: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for #President2016 ratings for debate nights would blow @ApprenticeNBC right out of the water!
"@DEMEGL10: @realDonaldTrump if you run...it will be the first time I vote"
"@themurphyz: The @realDonaldTrump tower is crazy. Absolutely in love. @TrumpToronto #service #amazing #Mrzbirthday"
"@Awizzel10: @realDonaldTrump We need you. You are the answer to this nations problems. #trump2016"
"@JoyceGoodman64: @realDonaldTrump running the US is much like running a business who better at that than The Donald? #Trump2016"
"@cmull43: I'm not sayingTrump should necessarily be a 2 term president. Give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy"
"@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy. if you run my whole school will vote for you.
"@diverojalv: @TaynishaGray Trump boldy calls out problemsthen offers solutions &amp; opinions that excite the electorate just like Reagan!"
"@davidc: I refuse to vote for anybody but Trump in the next presidential election. He is the only man that can lead this corrupted country"
"@TaynishaGray: So yeah the first vote I will ever cast for president will be Donald Trump bc who can really argue with Donald Trump?"
"@TyceDaggitt: @realDonaldTrump for PRESIDENT. Time for a CHANGE in the RIGHT direction."
"@RColdwellBanker: @realDonaldTrump watching your c-span special from the other day I can't get enough of it!!!!!!!"  Thank you!
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
"@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump please run for president to save America. my whole family is knows you’re the only man who can do it!" True
"@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump run in 2016 for the sake of future generations. Obama and his friends are tearing America apart."
"@fergton: @realDonaldTrump when the released prisoners kill Americans what does Obama say to their parents?"
"@kylegolfmtnbike: @realDonaldTrump wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack Americans?"
"@rbrohammer:  Just watched your speech at the National Press Club. Fantastic as usual. Please consider 2016. We need fantastic leadership"
"@Awew: @realDonaldTrump Now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it b/c our idiot president will give them what they want."
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved but this can only lead to disaster.
"@87krusty87: @realDonaldTrump I saw the Toronto hotel last year - it is a beauty indeed! Great addition to the skyline!"
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
#TheArsenioHallShow   Well it had to happen. People that are disloyal in the long run never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
"@aliayacovlef @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump You are such a great team I work with my daughter and I can understand the dynamic." Thank you.
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - @Oprah
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast our vets should get immediate care
Focus on your goals not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” – Pres. Abraham Lincoln
"@joerusso9: @realDonaldTrump should be the next president"  Thanks.
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- Thomas A. Edison
"@TalismanJohnnyA: @foxandfriends When is Mr. @realDonaldTrump due back? The last two weeks without him on Monday's has scarred me. MONDAY!
"@GOPthinker: @realDonaldTrump We need you to run for president big guy. The Dems &amp; Reps are simply incapable of fixing the country."
"@not_that_actor:  @IGotAngelEyes @JoyceGoodman64 If Donald doesn't run the US will never regain its #1 world super-power status" True!
I am speaking today at the National Press Club totally sold out and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!
"@IGotAngelEyes: @realDonaldTrump @JoyceGoodman64 Mr. Trump Is A Fine Man &amp; So Intelligent &amp; Dnt Bk Down. I Wid B The 1st N Line 2 Vote.
"@pasVote RED in 2014 &amp; 2016 &amp; remove these inept clowns &amp; party out for the next 8 years. Donald Trump run for Pres. Americans are fed up!"
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
"@wisdomforwomen: “@realDonaldTrump: The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.”  True!
"@house6000: That limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing I wish I was as lucky as he was have a great day!"  THANKS!
"@JakeMHS: The guy next to me on the train apparently supports Donald Trump for president"  And so do many others - our country is a mess!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
Very excited to be addressing the @RepLeadConf next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
"@joddo15  @realDonaldTrump take a shot at buying the @buffalobills and keeping them in WNY!" @nflcommish
"@ptarkkonen: "What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate." -Donald Trump #leadership"
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself just keep fighting - in the end you WIN!
"@JFarquharLaird: Great to see @realDonaldTrump getting the respect he deserves. A gentleman a friend a genius."  Thank you!
"@WusongTweet: @pand @realDonaldTrump Trump may be the best entrepreneur. Thinking Big and he is also creative tenacious &amp; loves his work."
Thx and from a better quotation source: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky
"@calebsthomas @realDonaldTrump what books should I read for business? Particularly by you"  Start with The Art of the Deal.
"@EllaKAgency @realDonaldTrump saw the Facebook specs for the new trump tower in Dubai looking good!!"  Thanks.
"@mikewarner1976  All I want for Christmas is for @realDonaldTrump to buy the @buffalobills" @nflcommish
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
"@realtmfleming Your seminars books shows all have impacted my life for better. The number 1 thing I learned from you: THINK BIG!" Great!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- Stephen King
"@AntonVonClouse been self-employed since I was 18. You &amp; The Art of the Deal were instrumental in that young motivation. Thank you." Great!
"@Bigpeter184 Turnberry is a great golf centre. Great courses &amp; hotel. Hope you can improve them Donald. It can be the best." Will be great
Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!
Remember China is not a friend of the United States!
"@hshippey: Wow had a blast today!!! What a guy:)"  Thanks for the great photos - look forward to seeing the magazine!
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen apply then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.
The roads and sidewalks airports and bridges are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S.  everything is falling apart!
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S. but it isn't - SAD!
"@lbcxyz: @realDonaldTrump Every city in the US would be like Dubai if you were president."
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!
"@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @CJM8112 Can't you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president?!" Thanks and true.
"@louise_ramage: @realDonaldTrump Seriously please.run for President. We need someone who can get the job done with competence!"
"@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @RonCanova @TrumpDoral Yep the man we need running the country."  Thanks!
"@CJM8112: Thanks for the golf course in The Bronx! What else do you have planned for us? Hispanics/Latinos love Trump!" AND I LOVE THEM!
"@Sloclone: @realDonaldTrump Without a doubt but the public is too dumb"  Actually I don't think so. They know U.S. needs help &amp; leadership
"@NectarUSAFSM: @kyleraccio I want Donald Trump to be president. He knows business and people. He needs to be in the oval office now."
"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump presidency would right the ship. Please run Donald." It can be done - thanks.
"@Bethany_Desiree: LOL @realDonaldTrump is seriously the man. Run for president PLEASE"  Our next President must be GREAT that's me. Thanks
Sorry for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M. no go - in Dubai.
"@RonCanova: @TrumpDoral  Just flew your helicopter from National to Doral best run operation period. You are the man Mr Trump!"
"@jason_donoghue Delighted you are investing in Ireland. Great for our golf courses and our economy. Welcome to the emerald isle." Thank you
Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
"@NSingh2024 @realDonaldTrump @Turnberry One of the best Business Firm &amp; Family. What a combination. Amazing."  Thank you.
"@BryanPax  @realDonaldTrump One of my favorite places in the world. Great resort great history now a great owner. Congrats!"  Thanks.
"@marionx72 Hope you've enjoyed your time at Turnberry. The surrounding towns will benefit too ! High 5 for the investment"  Thank you.
"@FrobBedrickson @realDonaldTrump "Art of The Deal" just arrived at my house. Cannot wait to start reading this book.." Thanks enjoy.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince Lombardi
"@TravelShamrock @realDonaldTrump Welcome to Ireland! Enjoy the fine weather on Ireland's golf courses"  Thank you.
If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring @Trump_Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization
"@ClareTourism Sending a warm welcome to the Trump family who landed in @ShannonAirport  Enjoy your stay in Clare"  Thank you.
"@WSOG2014 Hey @realDonaldTrump Which gets better reviews the redesigned Blue Monster at @TrumpDoral or @BLTPrimeMiami?" Both=great reviews
@10AJMcCarron will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision.
"@warrencasse: A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS! - @realDonaldTrump"
@IrishTimes  Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links Ireland. It will be great
"@Call4 @realDonaldTrump is one of the most successful businessman in America. He's decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan"
"@incfw: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump"
"@christsonton: @realDonaldTrump now Cleveland and the country needs you to run for President!!!"  Thanks.
I am watching the NFL DRAFT will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
“No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part.” - @TigerWoods
Also the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!
Young entrepreneurs –  Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp; gain confidence.
“The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman and win.” - Phil Mickelson @MickelsonHat
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
"@Da_Brain8: @realDonaldTrump U Mr. Trump cold be the next Ronald Reagan but u need to seriously announce your Candidacy! Will you?" WATCH!
“If you want to be the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - Think Like a Billionaire
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine Iran is nuking up &amp; Libya is run by Al Qaeda yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.
Great decision by @SpeakerBoehner in placing @TGowdySC as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
Congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @NCGOP Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
"@DavidBarringer4  For the record Trump ties are the best ties I have ever owned.  High quality and very appealing" Thanks.
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
The road to success is always under construction.  -- Arnold Palmer
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- Andrew Carnegie
"@BaitedTrap: @realDonaldTrump @thechrismcqueen America needs to be put back in the hands of America. Reclaim this country of ours!"
"@bguzqueda: @realDonaldTrump great #CincoDeMayo to one of the best americans! #LatinAmerica follows u always !"
This guy @sethmeyers can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job report. Over 800000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp; weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
"@rjbachor @HowardStern has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. I think you'd be great" True &amp; thx
"@imFRANGtastic: @realDonaldTrump would take this country in the right direction. #USA #TrumpForPresident"
"@61Webhead: @realDonaldTrump You could reverse the US economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as Prez! #wewantTrump"
"@BethAndersonEsq: You make this country great &amp; inspire younger generations to become better. You are the American story." Thank you Beth
"@Leonard @realDonaldTrump Even the Irish are routing for you to become president. Also congrats on Doonbeg golf course. #TrumpForPresident"
"@rockenmoma: @realDonaldTrump Bring the "honesty" to the White House. Even @IvankaTrump thinks you should! #2016"
"@iDSoutherl @realDonaldTrump Conservatives can't afford to be sidelined again they need a viable candidate for the WH... Run Donald Run!!"
"@beltex63: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a REAL difference-True
"@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump you are the president we need!!"  Thanks
"@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump the only thing we need Is you too run!!"  We can be great again.
"@BigThasYourBack: @realDonaldTrump spot on about the media! Honestly just run 4 prez! Many will support u! More than u expect!"  Thanks.
@TrumpGolfDC  Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
The reporter that called Kevin Durant "Mr. Unreliable" should be fired or at least apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner!
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called "journalists" can make up lies and get away with it
"@Noe Donald Trump: "#RaffaeleSollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed.” #innocent"
"@Double_A2011: Yoo @Beyonce and Jayz On The RunTour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got Donald trump money 🙅🙅🙅🙅" Not good
"@JayRit @realDonaldTrump Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The Art of The Deal! Must read for the go getter make it happen Entrepreneurs!"
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
"@DrewMadeOFF: RT @realDonaldTrump Does @VanityFair realize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues?"
"@horher:  "@benedwards55 I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president""
"@nikkio: @GolfDigestMag Donald loves the game is a perfectionist and master builder - every project is his personal masterpiece."
"@Pawsar @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump when are you going to run for president of the United States? We need someone with a backbone and brains"
"@buff1414: @realDonaldTrump @sethmeyers Enough Donnie. Stop busting the guys balls."  Why he's a total loser!
"@MCat7189X: @realDonaldTrump @sethmeyers Seth should just play the 'best of' Fallon. His show is a cure for insomnia."  So true!
"@matteastwood  Say what you will about Trump but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses!" True the best in the world
A feature on the progress of the course @ #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature on @CNNLivingGolf Thurs 8 May 2014 @ 0930 &amp; 1630 GMT #DAMAC
"@dotson_jordan  love the confidence that  @realDonaldTrump has. That's what makes a great leader"  Thank you
"@darhowklo   CNN said you supported Sterling but then when they showed the quote I thought "no he doesn't!'"  CNN lied!
"@benedwards55  I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president" Probably true!
"@salpie  @realDonaldTrump and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to Feds hiring #Obamacare exchange temps!"  Good question. ?
Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
"@Thayne_Spinks: If I don't see @realDonaldTrump in office in the next decade I am moving costal and never returning. We need a leader.
Will be doing interview on @GolfChannel at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp; Senior PGA etc.
Wow Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!
"@DebysinghCindy   I have to express the great speech you gave us in March at the Trump Doral Golf Tournament. Momentum!"  Thanks.
"@MrBC_3  @GolfDigestMag - The Donald gets his men's major: 2022 PGA going to Trump Bedminster"  Will be amazing! @PGAChampionship
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade after litigation into the murky past!
"@Meep_Swizzle: My 666th tweet goes out to @realDonaldTrump you are the man sir #keepenterprising"  Great!
"@ckiker22 @HowardStern looks like @realDonaldTrump needs to call in to the @sternshow"  Two of Howard's all time top 5.
"@michaelgferrara I don't agree with you most of the time - but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda" Thx--true
"@foxesbA  I knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as I listened to your interview." So did I!
It’s important to listen to what people say. “Horrible” and “disgusting” are the words I used in response to Sterling’s comments.
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big Stay Motivated &amp; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
"@JonathanAFrye: Passion is the start; confidence vision &amp; focus are the steps &amp; resilience is the last mile to entrepreneurial success."
"@DeannaSpillyard: @realDonaldTrump Obama makes George W. Bush look like the brightest crayon in the box."
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond
"@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump is the world's greatest developer. He's the Rockefeller of this generation."  Thank you!
If you have passion confidence resilience &amp; vision you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp; you're off to a good start
"@RamKindaGuy: @realDonaldTrump speaks the truth #TrumpForPrez2016"
"@mc People need to start looking up to the real Role models Such as Donald Trump and Warren Buffett........@realDonaldTrump @WarrenBuffett"
"@VinnyMalpica @realDonaldTrump please buy the Bills" @nflcommish #BillsMafia
“Get to know yourself.You can’t improve upon something you don’t understand.The more you ask the better you'll know.” Vince Lombardi
"@AntonVonClouse I still have articles from following some of your 80's moves &amp; the Trump game... I was the original apprentice!"  Great!
"@mikhiett  This is what you have done; its called perseverance. Now persevere to the White House! #trump2016"  Nice!
"@bahia6085 @ricktimlick The Art Of The Deal is a fairy tale come true. Dreams can come true."  Nice!
"@MrJamesDavidson @TrumpScotland not at all!  the hassle you are getting/have had is truly disgraceful" Thanks but it is working out great!
"@WheresJose: Had the pleasure to perform for Mr.Trump tonite &amp; told him the world is a better place because of his contributions Great job!
"@RyanPaolucci: @realDonaldTrump please buy the bills" nflcommish
"@Tumi_Architect: Learning to listen to my gut was the best thing I've ever done for myself. Inspired by @realdonaldtrump #ThinkBig" Great.
"@AllAmerVet: Mr. T pls buy the #NYTimes and turn it around for the truth! These lib papers r cowards in challenging this admin."
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an opportune time probably after ’14 election
"@PeteGagliardo Seeing how excited Trump is about the bills is awesome. We deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in Buffalo
"@ricktimlick   in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on "The Art of the Deal!" Always admired you."  Thanks.
"@mondrian70 The Donald would be HUGE Boost for the #NFL. Such an icon! I know it would be a huge boost to the franchise &amp; NFL." @nflcommish
"@richrobins0n i love Trump because he actually says what’s on his mind not what the people want to hear. that’s why he’s a leader"  Thanks
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
"@PolishPrince21: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be a great president but a better NFL owner...especially the buffalo bills! @nflcommish
"@Terrell87:  Mr. Trump if you ran the country what's the #1 thing you'd put in place to improve matters in the United States?"  JOBS!
"@gabepaul58: @realDonaldTrump would be the next best in guy next to Ralph to own a franchise like the @buffalobills ❤️" @nflcommish
"@jorourke8: @realDonaldTrump your the greatest man on earth"  So nice thank you!
"@leetimlin0511: I just want @realDonaldTrump to buy my Bills! Perfect man for the perfect club"  nflcommish
"@youngsellz4: @realDonaldTrump you'd be a great president Mr.Trump" Thank you the World would no longer look at us as fools!
"@Robhammond11: @buffalobills anyone who houses the great Jim Kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise"  It was my honor!
"@JeniferStevens: Someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... I nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat"
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1 hopping &amp; bobbing all the way is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
"@danica2013: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for the 2016 presidential election. Intelligent &amp; knows what he's doing. #GotMyVote #NewAmerica
"@rawrlance: Word on the street is @BrandiGlanville and @KenyaMoore are both on #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump is that true? 😝" YES!
Always remember SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
The NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 9/11. There will be tragic consequences for ending it.
Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said "There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan" 're ObamaCare.
Last Thursday Obama said "investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term" The next day he again stopped Keystone
Congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterday’s successful and safe @bostonmarathon. The entire country is proud.
Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will there's a win. Think positively!
Understand that difficulties mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities.
"@Helmzyy  @realDonaldTrump If you would buy the team that would be awesome! Just an extra win for my squad:)" @nflcommish
"@nickvitello  The @realDonaldTrump brand is based on success and being a winner. Just what the @buffalobills need!" @nflcommish
"@Cturner77 @realDonaldTrump @JimKellyInc would make a winning team as owners of the Bills.Let's do this! Go Bills! #BillsMafia" @nflcommish
"@Hitoden  Sir I've always respected you. I was born &amp; raised in Buffalo &amp; would love you as owner of the @buffalobills" @nflcommish
"@tlwhitney1 @realDonaldTrump @nflcommish would give the city hope .. would give Bills fans hope for a promising team"
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp; China get it
If America unlocked its energy potential we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
Obama told Medvedev after the ’12 reelect he would “have more flexibility.” It was music to Putin’s ears.
The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
Just finished another week of filming @ApprenticeNBC. This season a record 14th is shaping up to be the best yet.
"@FrohawkMahDude   I liked @realDonaldTrump but the more u tweet the more I love you man. #TrumpsBills #billsmafia"  @nflcommish
"@josegonzalez_69                     @realDonaldTrump If you buy the team it would win the superbowl!" @nflcommish
"@AndrewZufel @realDonaldTrump You would rejuvenate the entire city of Buffalo if you bought the Bills &amp; kept them in WNY." @nflcommish
"@coachofspin  My cousin working with J. Nicklaus to make Ferry Point one of the best golf courses! Will be great!"  True! @jacknicklaus
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was "not political" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
"@MikeM @realDonaldTrump Who the heck is Arianna Huffington anyway? Shouldn't somebody check her green card (if that even matters anymore)?"
"@mike_carrion99: Uwere rightthe Chinese respect smart ppl like urselfbut they and evry1 laughs @ Obama.Plz run in '16 you're STRONG"
"@Joshua_Weaver_: The @nfl needs the @realDonaldTrump! Happy Easter!" @nflcommish
"@SRWMiChelleJ: @realDonaldTrump and I have the same birthday...always praying I can emulate his business saavy. #GeminisWeAre"
"@YMatthews956:  When are you going to give us the big news about your new real estate deal? Looking forward to hearing about it!" Soon!
"@wadar1969: @realDonaldTrump Do u think our Government still has the gold they say they have in Colorado Ft Knox etc. I doubt it sadly!
"@irondan_93: No matter what the occasion you always feel confident in a @realDonaldTrump button down #almostgraduating" Great good luck.
"@gileshenley: @lukemckinney I read your @realDonaldTrump article and reread the old one. #brilliant as usual! So colorful!" Thank you!
"@Colin: Mr. Trump please buy our precious #BuffaloBills with Jim Kelly. You two know what the team means to #WNY. Love it!" @nflcommish
"@suew777 Words I never expected to say in this lifetime....I hope Mr.Trump buys the Bills. I think its the best for team&amp;fans!" @nflcommish
"@BillsMafia  You would be an excellent owner and bring winning back to a great organization and the best fans out there! @nflcommish
"@NCBillsFan  The Bills need someone that will not take piss poor performance! Mr. Trump is the man! Great things will happen!"  @nflcommish
"@tomko13: If @realDonaldTrump buys the Bills they will win the Super Bowl within 5 years. #buytheEagles"  @nflcommish
"@AlexDub182821: Im pretty sure the new stadium project would get a kick in the ass if @realDonaldTrump was the new owner. True. @nflcommish
"@sirwilliam @realDonaldTrump @frankpro The Bills need someone not afraid to take chances. Mr.Trump you have 100%of my support! @nflcommish
"@_tamx0: Best customer service at the trump hotel @realDonaldTrump"
"@angelofleven: @realDonaldTrump where do you get your energy from? Unbelievable. Maybe sell the ingredients?" I wish I could!
"@kennymacaskill1: @realDonaldTrump when are you starting the second golf course at trump international links #balmedie? No wind turbines.
"@wen @realDonaldTrump Why aren't you one of the sharks on #SharkTank? You would be awesome on there!!👍" But The Apprentice is much better!
"@EAikenz: @realDonaldTrump @renovacion Putin May be smart but he doesn't have the Art of the Deal!"
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days when our country was respected and strong would be executed
"@WeaverFever12: Everyone I know in western New York wants @realDonaldTrump to be the Bills next owner." @nflcommish.
"@RWill9584: @realDonaldTrump Buying the Bills would be the best thing for not only the team but for the city of Buffalo! @nflcommish
"@tiffanypearls: @realDonaldTrump I'll be up the street tonight at Emanu-El. Sending prayers up for your continued success. #trump2016"
"@J1En @realDonaldTrump as my mentor and some1 I looked up to while in college in buffalo I think you should purchase the team. @nflcommish
"@T_Fox8: @realDonaldTrump for president the only quasi-politician who knows anything about how to run stuff."
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all.
"@jywjr As much as Buffalo respected &amp; loved Mr. Wilson it would bring excitement &amp; prestige to have Mr. Trump own the Bills." @nflcommish
"@mjohnstonxoxo   My favorite part of school is watching the first season of The Apprentice in Business Tech."  Great!
"The harder you work the harder it is to surrender." - @ProFootballHOF @buffalobills Head Coach Marv Levy
Remember if you don’t sell yourself no one else will. Make sure the public friends &amp; the business community hears about your success.
"@brettjamess @realDonaldTrump you will be the savior of the city of buffalo. Please buy the bills" @nflcommish
"@eric_alon you buying @buffalobills would be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls. Great for them &amp; @nfl"@nflcommish
"@df387 @realDonaldTrump buy the @buffalobills we need proven success."@nflcommish
"@bseybolt11 If @realDonaldTrump buys the @buffalobills and keeps them in Buffalo he'll become a legend."  @nflcommish
"@LaydeePrivatier: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed your speech at the Republican Convention in New Hampshire immensely!"  Thank you!
"@HereisDami: RT @realDonaldTrump: "The price of greatness is responsibility." -- Winston Churchill"
"@johnnydevine137  I'm all for Donald Trump owning the Bills. Give Trump a chance and watch the Donald Trump the competition."  @nflcommish
"@OwenFetnon @realDonaldTrump you buying the bills would be a dream come true! Thank you so much."  @nflcommish
"@mikeEread  If @realDonaldTrump buys the #Bills please don't take them out of Buffalo!"  I won't. @nflcommish
"@David_Bossie Keep the Bills in Buffalo. @realDonaldTrump can save them. Would be a great NFL owner!"  @nflcommish
"The price of greatness is responsibility." -- Winston Churchill
"@Cknikita  I'd♡ Love ♡Donald Trump to buy the @buffalobills and Also run for Our President!  #Super Deal #Double #Win Win!" Thx.@nflcommish
"@NowThatOuimet  if Trump is serious about buying the #Bills &amp; keeping them in Buffalo sign me up. He’s a game-changer."  Thx  @nflcommish
"@Alertora27 If @realDonaldTrump does buy the Buffalo Bills they could become a winning team in the near future"  Thanks.  @nflcommish
"@jimmy_arellano  The best thing that could happen to New York sports is @realDonaldTrump  buying the bills" Thanks. @nflcommish
"@kerps80 @TrumpChicago  @CNJohansens   Absolutely love The Trump in Chicago!  The view from the bar is incredible!!"  Thank you.
"@Going4theGreen @realDonaldTrump's Int'l course in Scotland. Ian Andrew proclaims the robe "the best I've ever worn. That's awesome."  Thx
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
"Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results." - Think Like a Billionaire
"@neevee31: “@BillRancic:10 yrs ago I won the 1st season of the Apprentice..Thank you @realdonaldtrump 4 a life changing event"
Get Snowden back from Russia—he has done tremendous damage to the US &amp; should pay a very heavy price.
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia don’t forget they still have Snowden who has given them (&amp; everyone) massive US secrets.
Remember negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and don’t settle easily. If you have the goods you will ultimately win.
"@NickySummer @AlexSalmond Wind farms are an eyesore all over Scotland...ruining the most beautiful parts of our country. A disgrace!" True!
"I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance."--Steve Jobs
"@sashamajerovsky: @realDonaldTrump @DLDizel @cspan @cspanPolitics just love hearing you speak because you speak the Truth!!"  Thanks!
Oscar Pistorious "the blade runner" is as guilty as O.J.  I wonder if the result will be the same?
@AlexSalmond-I have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly bird killing and very ugly wind  turbines dotting Scotland.
.@AlexSalmond - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason would hurt tourism!
"@garc8509: @realDonaldTrump no don't buy the #BuffaloBills. Buy the #NewYorkMets #Mets we need a true owner that wants to win!! Please!
"@chpnaput:  Donald you need to promote the GILC it is a great event and shows off Doonbeg. Best resort I have ever stayed at!"
Big thanks to @David_Bossie @Citizens_United &amp; @AFPhq for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon!
However beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results.  -- Winston Churchill
If the wind will not serve take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
.@JordanSpieth  Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
Learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. -- Albert Einstein
"@MarkSciubbaDoe @realDonaldTrump PLEASE SAVE THE BILLS FROM @BonJovi AND CANADA #BillsMafia"  I will try!
"@Ja: As I’ve said before @realDonaldTrump has all of the qualifications necessary to be Real America’s choice for President of the USA!!!"
"@GlobalFlare: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump"
.@KAThomas212   Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
Congratulations to @STEPHENATHOME - I will see you on the show!
Entrepreneurs always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships
Into our first week of filming @ApprenticeNBC the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!
"@JEngleLV: @realDonaldTrump the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career. Thank you."  Great!
"@RabbitR "Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." - Donald Trump"
"@ODedOnRealityTV I'm not a golf fan at all. I'd say @ApprenticeNBC is one of the greatest shows on Earth. #Apprentice #CelebrityApprentice"
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!
"@Mason_Marcucci: You're definitely going to run just admit it. You would wipe the FLOOR with those clueless academics. #realworldsolutions"
"@cbreeze65: @realDonaldTrump. The only OB-vious candidate for the right. The Don needs to run! It just makes sense."
"@HappyGuy201: I honestly think @realDonaldTrump would fix the mess this country has become."  I could and would'
"@DurandSentinus @TeddiLocke I would vote for you because you believe in and love this country like Ronald Reagan &amp; the Founding Fathers did
"@TeddiLocke: @realDonaldTrump Absolutely! Plz Run! Bring Respect back to the Presidency with integrity &amp; good moral standing!!"
"@KennicotAsks: @realDonaldTrump Of all the fellow celebrities you've met which do you consider to be the most humble?"  ME!
"@keithrh: How long do you think the United States will take to recover from our current administration?" A long time unless I become Pres.
"@jsalbertousa: I visited NYC last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. Greetings from Miami."
"@RedRoof65 I have spread out my son's shots over the past 5 years. He is  fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in September."  Great
"@EmilioMasella @realDonaldTrump the more I keep reading the more respect I gain for you" Thanks
"@vanillasicks  The Blue Monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho! @realDonaldTrump #mentor"  Thanks.
"@Steveleno80 The Art of the Deal was the 1st book I read of yours and it was n still is a great read. All of ur books r great reads" Thanks
.@garyplayer  you were great on @MikeAndMike this morning—&amp; the Gary Player Villa at @TrumpDoral is a hot ticket.
"@laurence_hasson  Heading to Toronto for for a stay at the Trump. I expect it will blow my mind."  Great--enjoy! @TrumpToronto
"@Ddouble_J  @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump what book of yours do you think I should read first?" My first book The Art of the Deal.
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
@kimkotter  Kim keep up the great work - you are really doing well!
It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK THE LUCKIER I GET!
"@ikiibrahim: @realDonaldTrump - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!"  Thank you!
"@ikiibrahim: @realDonaldTrump - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!"  Thanks.
"@tiffanypearls: @realDonaldTrump I want to work on The Donald's campaign. He is the only candidate worth the energy. #trump2016"
"@HighlifeLondon: @realdonaldtrump our meembers have voted Trump International Golf Links as one of the best courses in the world!
"@mike_carrion99: @realDonaldTrump Do the U.S. a favor and run for Pres.2016! We need a REAL leader who wont put up w/ shit." Nicely said!
"@oversplayer: @realDonaldTrump “Hollywood has unfortunately become a memory. It's nothing but a sign on the side of a hill.”  Mickey Rooney
"@JoshHodgkinsonn: No WrestleMania will ever top 23. Donald Trump Vs. Vince McMahon." You are right it has the all-time record!
"@Bigonbeets: @realDonaldTrump If you could do anything to change the world for the better what would you do?"  Fire Obama!
"@racrboi90: @realDonaldTrump What influenced you to go into politics?" It will be the total incompetence of politicians and our "leaders"!
"@mgmacdon: @realDonaldTrump if they had to say yes who would your first pick to be on the celebrity apprentice?" The Pope!
"@lagooner111 @TrumpWaikiki pure #luxury! #trump does it the best! 1st class service &amp; I've only been here 30min. Staff is amazing!" Thanks.
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't) say I went bankrupt (I didn't) say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth!
"@Chris_Stocker: Love taking a drive up A1A and seeing that beautiful Red White and Blue huge flag blowing in the yard of @realDonaldTrump"
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?
For China of all nations to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
"@dchamp5810: @realDonaldTrump @indigoblue65 You are the greatest and You can make this nation #1 in the world just as it once was...."
"@lewisbetesh: @realDonaldTrump @CMHollon  Mr. Trump look into buying the mets from the wilpons. They are failing nyc" Very sad!
"@ndumisozungu22: @realDonaldTrump The only human i would trust to be president"  Thanks!
"@not_that_actor:  I've been cheering u on for many moons. But I'm afraid YOU don't have the passion to ACTUALLY run in '16"  We'll see.
"@GodFocker: @realDonaldTrump please run for president you're the best we've got and i will vote for you in 2016."
"@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump Donald you should be President with Bill O'Reilly as Vice P. You would both fight for the abused kids.
"@indigoblue65: @realDonaldTrump Ummm...I like the sound of President Trump!?!?!"  Thank you!
"@FrankyGarbaggio: @realDonaldTrump you are the man plain and simple."  Thank you very nice.
"@PatsSoxFan71: @realDonaldTrump @AndrewKirell if you hosted the late show you couldn't run for president. #trump2016"  That is true!
"@BeBeSXM: @realDonaldTrump I cross the whitestone bridge regularly...it went from a dump to a masterpeice...God Bless All You Do !"  Thanks
I hate what has happened to the once great @CNN.
"@CakeItEasy: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the golf course at ferry point in the Bronx to open! Excited"  It will be great!
"@AndrewKirell: Hey @realDonaldTrump do you think Les Moonves will give you the Late Show? I would get the best ratings of all!
"@pnerrad: @realDonaldTrump they've spent the last three weeks updating us about not finding a plane Donald"
"@Hafizzuddin_MYU: Go for the next President of USA @realDonaldTrump ... Lets see the impact for the world ... Great man for great world!
"@graciesavy: @HoustonGunn the next Donald Trump! Still marveling at your accomplishments keep up the good work :)"  Thank you.
"@moss92g  Mr. Trump your children convinced me you R a class act standing with the folks in Albany was icing on the cake. Thank You!" Thx
"@BigBro14 @realDonaldTrump Just booked my trip to Trump Intnl Golf Links in Aug So excited to play the Best"  Have fun!
"@andzi11 @realDonaldTrump Watching the Celebrity Apprentice love it. Truly my favorite show #boladagur #gottaloveit" Thanks
"@renee41961 @realDonaldTrump I like the Donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is! #therealdeal" Thank you.
"Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." -- Babe Ruth
"@ZacKing30  The Trumps are my favorite public figures. Hands down! @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump" Thank you!
"@MateoHielo please buy @buffalobills Upstate NY would love to have you be the owner of our Franchise #prayersforJK" Thank you.
I hear the very ungrateful @ArsenioHall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
"@evneleven: @realDonaldTrump for President! Your the only one who knows how to run this country #TrumpforPres #success #awesomeness"
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
"@DragonForce_One: @realDonaldTrump Chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 (Dec 1st to Mar 31st). Avg temp was 22F"
"@A_Buon  I remember many years ago I hated @realDonaldTrump because the media told me to. I now know he's a true American"  Thanks.
"@MonergyTheBook @TrumpPanama In spite of the hype it is a great hotel; I was there when it opened a few years ago." Thanks.
"@peterienhio @realDonaldTrump nice clock outside the Aberdeenshire golf course! #verysmart" Thank you.
In New York March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
"@harvey_handy: @realDonaldTrump if POTUS what would you do with Russia right now?"  All I can say is that they would respect the U.S.
"@GuyEndoreKaiser: @realDonaldTrump I've read Art of the Deal a dozen times! Only you can fix this country!" That is perhaps true!
"@gretawire: A GIANT THANK YOU TO ALL THE ON THE RECORD VIEWERS at 7pm — you are THE REASON we remain #1 at 7pm!  Great going Greta.
Because of President Obama's failed leadership we have put Vladimir Putin &amp; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
"Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
"@DrewMadeOFF  RT @realDonaldTrump RT @tx_shaun its #true he didn't get his show until after he won the @ApprenticeNBC"  True!
"@TheTrueAnthony: Sunday nights this Spring just aren't the same without @ApprenticeNBC. How much longer? Shooting now on in the FALL.
.@MagicJohnson  Good luck with the Dodgers this season if they were like you they would never lose a game!
.@genesimmons  Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
"@betsyscribeindc: @realDonaldTrump Begging you to run for President. You must save this country. You're the one who can do it." TRUE!
"@CarltonCountry: @johnrich  Do u have any idea when the new season of #CelebrityApprentice will be on?" In the FALL - shooting now!
"@SamJabbo: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 or I'm moving out of the U.S"  You sound very smart!
"@DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump ~ I WAS THERE when @ArsenioHall said that. More then once by the way. Just saying it is #FACT #TRUE!"
"@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump its true he didn't get his show until after he won the apprentice"
"@TarrKoziara: @realDonaldTrump @ArsenioHall The Apprentice has started and revived a lot of people's careers."  Very true!
.@ArsenioHall - How quickly people forget but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!
.@ArsenioHall - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice without which you would be nowhere!
@PrincessDaytura @realDonaldTrump for president - it's reality he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes
"@HrvstFoundation @realDonaldTrump @SamJabbo The Art of the Deal gets my vote. It changed the way I do business." Great!
"@realMikePalumbo  Walked in Trump Tower for the first time this week.. Gorgeous (as all your work). Love the Trump experience"  Thank you.
"@SamJabbo  @realDonaldTrump i haven't read any of your books yet which one should i start with?" The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
"@Steal70 @realDonaldTrump enjoying the Toronto property for my first time.  Great service from Shane and Ali." Thank you. @TrumpToronto
"@GiorgiMassimo:3 words to keep in mind every day for getting rich! You're the best business man your tips are precious! Thanks in advance"
"@Bossman140: @realDonaldTrump the most brilliant observation you have ever made. Parents should take your advice"
"@ctsa: @realDonaldTrump when I was a kid there were 8. Now they give upwards of 31-40. It's an assault on the immune system."
"@rtesta: Please run for President and announce it in NH! We need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up!" True!
"@Shaughnessy89: @realDonaldTrump IS THE MAN!! Give us a shoutout for your friends in Ireland Donald!
"@oben02: Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.  @realDonaldTrump
"@william76960376: @realDonaldTrump you are truly the greatest person Alive!!!! #your #awesome"  Wow thanks!
"@Zigmanfreud: Please thank @realDonaldTrump for his cool note to me supportive of the "fight for justice" for Joe Paterno.
"@CindyCuller2 @realDonaldTrump Love this picture and she was a great beauty!  Thanks for the "private" family picture." Thanks.
"@jamesholt52 @realDonaldTrump we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man that is your strength" Thank you.
"@kdharris59 I want someone who is liked by half and considered a SOB by the other half - I bet Mr Trump fits that"   Interesting.
"@Bigjohn6531 You were 100% on the mark Donald when you said we should have taken some Iraqi oil ..." True now Iran has it.
Remember oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
"@JaredParker  Please run for President Mr. Trump! The Republican Party desperately needs someone of your qualifications."
"@Gmo7  Finally they're filming the celebrity apprentice! Can't wait for the next season 😁 @realDonaldTrump"  Soon!
"@kerrkerr73 @realDonaldTrump then run for president! !! Sick of the crap going on in the white house."  Thanks.
"@Prayformetoo @realDonaldTrump @wesbart53 How long would Obummer last on "The Apprentice" Donald?  #theapprentice" No comment.
"@snudge11 @ScotlandGolf1 I played it yesterday and I have to say it was the best golf course I've ever played." Thank you--so true!
"@Theodopolis_  Just left The @realDonaldTrump Building in NYC. - beautiful building and very professional."  Thank you.
"@ScutPls  @realDonaldTrump tweets the best quotes. Perfect motivation for an aspiring entrepreneur." Thank you.
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
"Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -- Winston Churchill
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: "Never never never give up." ...
If you’ve looked over the yearsI’ve been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to China
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a "regional" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: "Be sincere; be brief; be seated."  F.D. Roosevelt
"@Marky4792: @realDonaldTrump will you please run for the president United States we really need a swift kick in the ass.
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."  -- Wayne Gretzky
"@TpGraf82 @realDonaldTrump you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but I'm waiting for the tweet of all tweets "trump2016" Thank you
"@AngelProRoofing @TrumpDoral I've had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far." Thanks.
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
Obama must now FOCUS get his mind off "March.Madness" and LEAD! Watch Russia closely work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama on the other hand has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
"Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential."  -- Winston Churchill
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
I don't hate Obama at all I just think he is an absolutely terrible president maybe the worst in our history!
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers and that's OK-but how much are Russia &amp; China spending?
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently." -- Henry Ford
"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out."  --  John Wooden
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
Lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
"@MaxKnoblauch: Im voting for @realDonaldTrump to b president of the WORLD n clean up this mess were in!!!" And we are truly in a mess!
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
.@AlexSalmond Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
Re Negotiation: Know what you want &amp; think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from &amp; do not underestimate them.
Business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion
"@FrontRowBrian You also hosted the greatest MMA event of all time... #WRESTLEMANIA... TWICE!!! You are a great American sir."  Thanks.
" @MissyCombs38  Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresident"  Cute!
"@bllheaded  Finally read The Art of the Deal. Outstanding book and applies to every facet of life #thinkbig"  Thanks
"@alex_lestari: "The best investment I made is the one I didn't make" (Donald Trump) #APC"  Can be very true!
"Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world." -- Think Like a Champion
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do."  – Steve Jobs
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare thereby destroying their economy!
"@Youngdf50:  @PeaceIsWeakness you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican. Today's world needs a real leader." Thank you!
"@WondHerful: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr The only reality show worth my time is #CelebrityApprentice. Thanks
"@PeaceIsWeakness: Trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the West. Only one man in America could deal with Putin #Trump2016
There are many editorial writers that are good some great &amp; some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes.
Join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
"The best vision is insight." -- Malcolm Forbes
When nobody wanted the UFC I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!
"@NateDolphinAL: @realDonaldTrump Dont think your more than donald trump...he is the best #betterthanyou"  Thanks!
"@TomNocera: Somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. Somebody tell Kerry to take DT with him to negotiate the Russian surrender."
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins an editorial writer at The New York Times is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!
.@garyplayer  As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!
"@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump don't run for governor go for the White House!!! #TrumpIn2016"
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD!
"One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again." -- Henry Ford
"@DrJoshMiddleton: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump please consider the presidency rather than NY Gov race. The country is a mess.
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
"@crpietschmann: @UncleLouie42 @realDonaldTrump also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented?" BOTH!
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday June 8th. @Miss USA.
I love taking lawsuits all the way when I’m right. @AGSchneiderman  is finding that out the hard way!
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory I will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
"@NellyBelle25: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump just returned from Chicago &amp; staying at your hotel. Amazing experience. Your people are the BEST
"@carisa01huston: @realDonaldTrump You rock....ditch the haters and keep speaking the truth. They just don't like what they hear!"
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started."  -- Mark Twain
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -- Albert Einstein
"Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope!" Thx.
"@moffiq  Having role models like @realDonaldTrump and @richardbranson is the best thing in life! They set standards &amp; we can follow" Thx.
"@JoeTorre   Congratulations to Patrick Reed for his win yesterday @TrumpDoral! The new #BlueMonster lived up to its name"  Thanks Joe.
"@Bnmaui: @realDonaldTrump You may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 Presidential election. Please consider." I will!
"@rickdavenport8 @TrumpDoral LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKING ON THE MONSTER SOON!!! SO WHAT IS THE DONALDS BEST ON IT?? EXCITING LOOKING COURSE!!"
"@JonTwolegit: @realDonaldTrump when does celebrity apprentice start- spring is in the air so I know it must be soon"  Shooting in 2 weeks.
The massive Blue Monster @TrumpDoral is getting rave reviews. I built it in one year—no easy feat!
I’ve been watching very little @CNBC lately—the good news is I’m switching over to  @BloombergNews and @FoxNews.
Other  worthy people were taken off the @CNBC list as well. Stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility.
The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder @CNBC ratings are going down the tubes.
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is "the best course I've ever played"
"@InsideSouthFL: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump You guys are Amazing! The 2014 @CadillacChamp @TrumpDoral is #EPIC!
"@TheGrumpyHusky: The Blue Monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course. It is more than just a "Masterpiece" - it is Immortal"
"@jtthebossman: @realDonaldTrump Keep fighting the good fight. You speak the truth. Trump 2016!!!"
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said "I've never seen a great course that was easy!"
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a "masterpiece" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
"@stephinkycheese: @gjonesiv @StuartAppleby Yep what a rough day.. I bet @realDonaldTrump loves the leaderboard looking like a U.S. Open."
"The road to success is always under construction." -- Arnold Palmer
Congrats to @AlCardenasACU and @CPACnews. I really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific!
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!
"Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world." -- Think Like a Champion
"We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts."-- Gary Player
"The more predictable the business the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience." --Midas Touch
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
".@KirschnerDavid                         @realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump on making @Forbes list of wealthiest in the world." Thanks!
.@AustinKaiser52 The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at @CPACnews is @GovChristie &amp; @realDonaldTrump #DCBound" Thanks.
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
.@Mitt Romney strongly stated in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
New York Magazine just named the most influential "tweeters" in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually I'm easily #1!
"@lilydashevsky: @realDonaldTrump I'm skipping Cap. Hill meetings to make it to your #CPAC2014 speech! Any hints on the topic??"
"@brendakenesonwe: @realDonaldTrump @kostoff2 @TrumpDoral ; Based on the photos and articles I've read"It's Beautiful""  Thank you!
"@JWIAdvisory: @TheEllenShow you did a great job at the Oscars despite what @realDonaldTrump is saying!" Oscars sucked Ellen off her game!
"@kostoff2: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral - Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp; how much they are looking fwd to it.
.@JTimberlake It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
"@kostoff2: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral - Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp; how much they are looking fwd to it.
@TheEllenShow  Ellen you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner a guy with no absolutely no talent!
"@viclillo: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump was the best part of the 2014#Oscars"
"@scorpio_man1973: The best ending to the #Oscars would have been @realDonaldTrump saying "You're Fired""
"@DianeLMarshall_: @realDonaldTrump When do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency?"  We shall see!
"@CATHCO9: @boboxm103nyc Goes to @realDonaldTrump Best tweets of the night." #Oscars
"@dp1489: Ha I didnt have to watch the #2014Oscars thanks for keeping me updated @realDonaldTrump"
"@_Brandoh: @realDonaldTrump Only 1 solution for the Oscars Trump as host"
"@CashMoneyBonas: @realDonaldTrump I wish I was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars"
"@JoshGliege: @realDonaldTrump is really not liking the Oscars. He tells it the way it is which would be a nice in a president. #trump2016"
"@nate_north43: @realDonaldTrump is the man" So true!
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars.
"@christuhglo: @realDonaldTrump I love how you handle the haters" You mean the haters and losers!
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
"@jshah500: @realDonaldTrump You are the most negative person I've ever followed."  Thank you!
This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"@AMENREMINISCE: @realDonaldTrump hahahaha Mr. Trump you're epic see you in Toronto in May at the Canadian International :)"
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
"@BRAD_R0BINS0N: @realDonaldTrump is on point with his tweets about the #oscars tonight. Hilarious!"
"@thrashingkitty: Hahaha @realDonaldTrump is killing it with the #oscars tweet."
"@johnnyhabit: @realDonaldTrump why the fuck do I even follow you? Because you're addicted to genius asshole!
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
"@BeaumontAnthony: If Donald Trump was President of the USA am sure negotiations on the crisis in Ukraine would be moving forward now"
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week
"@RexHuppke: I'm holding off on forming an opinion on the Ukraine situation until I hear what Donald Trump has to say about it." Very smart!
"@TimmyVafides: Just received my order of @realDonaldTrump brand ties in the mail today. Sharpest looking ties on the market." Thanks!
"@Ehab_Eassa:  Most don't know the Chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the US dollar.They will screw us as long as we allow!"
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words they will continue to screw the U.S.!
By popular(extremely) demand I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida Trump International Golf Club.
The World is falling apart around us but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership!
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved and then laughs loudly!
Obama just stated "he didn't take school seriously made bad choices and GOT HIGH" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp; Harvard?
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the court—he’s a loser!
I think the @NewYorkObserver was far too nice to sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. He’s got plenty more to worry about!.
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
"@mwgfdn: Have u all seen the Trump episode of mighty planes? Its very cool how professional the captain/pilot is! The plane is 1of a kind!"
.@AGSchneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
Success tip:  Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
@theBrianGentry Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that "we're in the problem solving business."  So true!
"@lookingforward8                    @realDonaldTrump words of wisdom from the "pro" himself!!!! Inspiration!!!&lt;3"  Great!
"@high_altitude1  Watching a program about @realDonaldTrump private 757 definitely the Ferrari of the sky......beautiful"  Thank you.
"@11SummerB  As a Dutchess County resident that is the absolute truth! It's a course and facility to be proud of Mr Trump!"   Thank you.
"@StevePike9                 @realDonaldTrump @KieranLalor You've done the same thing at Doral Mr. Trump. Congrats" Thank you.
"@Emily_Ellyn                      Love playing the Links in Scotland! GORGEOUS @FinestGolfHoles! @realDonaldTrump"  Thank you.
"@rabidcop109                    thanks Donald for the biz tips... Really have me feeling like I can go do this!! Great ideas"  Terrific!
"@davidvnyc   Trump Tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the NEW YORK skyline. #IloveNY"  Thank you.
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals remain fixed on them. Set the bar high!
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S. we have just cut the hell out of the military budget making it smallest since '39
"@Gina660: @realDonaldTrump R the rumors true Mr. Trump? R U running 4 Pres. We need a smart person in the White House."
"@TheSergioGarcia Played the new Trump Doral this morning! Should be great for next week!" Thx Sergio u will do great next week see u then
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!
Whether you like it or not the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
"@darealfito: @realDonaldTrump not only would you be an amazing President you would be the only one that can give America it's balls back!"
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
"@BarrusTJ:  Is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.#Trump2016"
"@mvmoreno1961: “@pmdino007: @realDonaldTrump @stewart5337 You are an amazing inspiration. Ignore the haters. I do (as much as possible!).
"@getownedbyjones: .@realDonaldTrump @DannBushh #America needs you Donald. If you don't run I'm afraid for the future generations."
"@kelsey_2155: @realDonaldTrump you're seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much."   We shoot in 3 weeks - GREAT CAST!
.@danawhite - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
.@AllenWest  Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
"@leoncekakore: @realDonaldTrump what is the secret behind your success?" Good ideas and concepts but beyond everything I NEVER QUIT!
"@cstevechristyjr: @realDonaldTrump the Country needs a business man in charge that is not afraid to call out China. DT for P!"  True!
"@tnaps85: If Donald Trump is our next president America will be saved-ith and all will be well in the world. Amen and alleliua"  True!
"@KhadeejaNicolle: @realDonaldTrump if u run 4 #POTUS that's the only way I'll vote republican. Pls consider running. U'd be g8t!!!"n Thanks
"@nsugra: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to going on a nature walk at the golf course in #palosverdes tomorrow with my daughters! Great!
"@ChrissstinaC: @realDonaldTrump Is apprentice coming back on the air? #donaldforpresident" YES start shooting in two weeks - SEASON 14!
"@Stelmo757: @realDonaldTrump @KingRex9 @MichaelWacha come play Trump's course at The Point in Charlotte NC! You won't be disappointed!"
"@megan_lumetta: I've been the first one to favorite three of Donald trumps tweets and I'm pretty proud. @realDonaldTrump"  Great!
"@KieranLalor: .@realDonaldTrump why didn't you just add "Be sure to tune in to NBC this Fall for the Apprentice"?" A very good point!
"@woodrowwinters                           you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you This country needs you badly." Thx
Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?
For the NY State Repubs to waste time energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 Dems—is insane.
"@DaveDautel                     Been following you since your book "Art of the Deal". Thank you for your words of wisdom &amp; insights"  Thx.
I read @willweatherford’s comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in Florida”—nothing could be worse for the state.
"@SovereignChadG  When will the PGA tour be coming to Trump National?" March 5th.
My friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @TODAYshow this morning—a star!
"@brasicingbras: @realDonaldTrump let the haters hate Mr. Trump. Love my new Trump tie from @Macys #trump2016" Great!
"@Nospin_43: @realDonaldTrump @tan123 climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens."
"@samraj25: @realDonaldTrump i just saw that many indians have mr.trump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super"
@AmSpec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of @BuzzFeed and the very dumb Ben Smith.
"@amarudacosta: Sadly @realDonaldTrump was correct about South Africa - the level of violence is irrepressible"
Amazing story in @BreitbartNews about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @BuzzFeed. CONGRATS!
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate @BuzzFeed site &amp; slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.@PiersMorgan @AmSpec
"@Michael_KSC: @realDonaldTrump @thedropkicks Whether Global Warming or Climate change. The fact is We didn't cause it. We cannot change it.
It's not climate changeit's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and  Pakistan already has them!!
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
Due to the holiday I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
"@kathyshirer: Your Country needs you~~Donald Trump~~ Your about the only one in The World; That can get us out of debt!" Thank you!
"@rm61307: Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump @GovChristie If Mr.Trump will not run in '16 Christie is the answer. No B/S no bowing!
"@chrismashimbyi: The Art Of The Deal by @realDonaldTrump is one of the greatest books ever!"  Thank you!
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that @AlexSalmond should never have released the terrorist - BAD!
"@bushpiggy: @realDonaldTrump jealous you got a magnificant course like Doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world. FACT."
"@HelsCahill: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on adding the beautiful West of Ireland to your golf club portfolio. You have lifted the country!"
"@fitbafan: @neaver82 @realDonaldTrump the majority of people near the course fully support it. Problem is a vocal minority (Scotland).
How come discredited reporter @mckaycoppins refused to write that the events in New Hampshire Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers!
@mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed
"@minlarrycornel: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral Spectacular! Please keep up the good work @minlarrycornel" Thank you.
"@enviroclean519 @TrumpChicago my wife and I stayed there for our anniversary.Beautiful placeamazed that all the staff remembered our name"
"@AdamEdinburg: @realDonaldTrump was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! Can I get a RT??"
@LodgeatDoonbeg  One of the great places on the planet  and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also the new driving range is open at night!
"@FaizerMiami: @realDonaldTrump best advice from the best leader"
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused disciplined and alert every single day.
"@joandkev8: @realDonaldTrump what the date of celebrity apprentice I'm excited to see it"  Start shooting in 3 weeks.
@TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening now looking forward to the @CadillacChamp
"@richtweett                @realDonaldTrump Please do the same thing for the Whitestone Bridge! Thanks Donald Trump!" I will try!
"@therealTMac11 @TrumpSoHo My wife and I stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful but the service is outstanding." Thank you.
"@JakeJuliot          @realDonaldTrump When will we know the cast for the next season of #celebrityapprentice?" Very soon.
"@dasboot96  Scotland's loss for being short sighted.  Wish you every success with the new club." Thank you.  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing ugly wind turbines. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
"@RobertUndefined: @realDonaldTrump is the real deal he is the man!" Thanks!
"@richardson1232: @realDonaldTrump is my role model. One of the best Americans out there." Thank you Mike.
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
"@Augustleo14: @realDonaldTrump @T_Sharp4 I totally agree! The brain the Don has is so inspiring! I've loved him for years!"  Thanks!
"@T_Sharp4: Donald Trump would be the most ideal President" Thank you!
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
A big part of the country even the southern states is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?
"If we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas A. Edison
"Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning."  -- Think Like a Champion
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. @LodgeatDoonbeg
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered but not nearly enough
"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest."-- Benjamin Franklin
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE GREAT REVIEWS!
"Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs security and well-being for others." - Midas Touch
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.--Thomas A. Edison
"Chance favors the prepared mind."-- Louis Pasteur
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
The @Broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home forget about it and come back tough next year.
I can't get over after all of the buildup what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team Denver! Hard to watch.
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
"@bhughes657: I wonder if NBC will have #RachelMaddow interview Donald Trump before the Olympics?"  Would get GREAT ratings!
"The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly." -  Theodore Roosevelt
"@KevinWeatherbee '--tremendous victory in Trump University case vs. lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!' Saw this coming" Thx
"@GodFatha702 @AGSchneiderman Let's see if MSM reports it w/the same fervor they used when they reported the allegation." Thanks
"@OBrienMurray                       Let's hope the press covers the loss for @AGSchneiderman as they did the false charges!" Thanks.
Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!
"@danrothweil                 Donald wins again with the best brain break tweet (Aristotle quote). Thanks and back to work." Thank you.
"@IDollyLenz  RIGHT ON! “Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results." Thanks Dolly!
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. @Raffasolaries
"For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." -- Aristotle
“Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable expandable predictable and financeable.” – Midas Touch
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history with Atlanta Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?
Remember when "comedian" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
"@sherrymcmurry: @realDonaldTrump .....may be the only person on the planet that can beat Hillary."
"@GropperBlotter:I've been listening to @Espngreeny &amp; @espngolic for years.The @realDonaldTrump interview today is an all-timer sensational
Failing comedian Bill Maher who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night is really a dumb guy just look at his past!
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it.” - Mark Twain
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
“The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.” - @boonepickens
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember it’s only business and there will always be another day!
Welcome to the new reality! Moody’s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
It was great being on @MikeAndMike in the Morning (ESPN)—two great guys fantastic show!
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
Give me clean beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
"@peyton2419: Can't wait until 2016 when DT is POTUS. So that I can stop listening to problems with our economy in the State of the Union."
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
"Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art." A. Warhol
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
"@HMunjal: @realDonaldTrump When will you come to my home-country India to see the progress of Trump Towers in Pune?" Very soon!
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Afghanistan's so called leader Karzai is toying with the U.S.
"@kwrcrow: @realDonaldTrump Tell it like it is Sir. Don't pull any punches. Keep up the good work." I will thanks!
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
"@dawson_Stock: Don't forget. "Global warming" can also mean earth is getting colder! That way they cover both sides of the fence!"
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
"@nandigold13: @realDonaldTrump thanks for all the inspirational tweets ..I like to.learn from the best"  Thank you!
"@TONYWELCH007: @realDonaldTrump It all starts at@Trump Doral !! The best in all of the WORLD will face the test of The NewBlueMonster!
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."  Albert Einstein
"You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself." -- Think Like a Champion
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
"@ASenaPhotograph Today is my 61st birthday .The best gift I could receive is a retweet from you. Supporting you in 2016" Happy Birthday.
People often ask me the secret to my success and the answer is simple: passion focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
"@brianerbland                     @realDonaldTrump is the best choice for NY it's time for a real leader in NY again. #NYGOP" Thanks.
"@bbeltku: Named my first born son after @realDonaldTrump Hope he lives up to the name!"  He will be a total winner!
"@jesale84: @realDonaldTrump if you were president Mr.Trump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in?  Many things
"@benlouix: @realDonaldTrump you are the most influential man in the world. And @RSherman_25 is a close second after tonight's game"
"@ChadSheridan: I'm inspired by people all the time. People like my parents grandparents and yes @realDonaldTrump the guy is smart.
"@sendrajeremy: Can only try to be as successful as the @realDonaldTrump #GetKatapulted"  Work hard!
"@ToddThomson12: Is there enough room for @RSherman_25 and @realDonaldTrump egos in NYC at the same time?" YES!
"@ALLEN1328: @realDonaldTrump Next president of the U.S.
"@akers_joshua: @pearlingjosh Absolutely amazing. Still not sure about running for Pres. Mr. Trump?? lol The world loves you." Thanks!
Wow just heard that that next Tuesday’s @saintanselm Politics &amp; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
@BreitbartNews continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrew’s legacy lives on.
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
@tedbishop38pga   Thanks Ted see you at the show!
I would like to thank a great writer and person @JPappasPR. of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
"@WLynton                            It's my 30th B Day today and a reply from you would be the best gift ever?"  Happy Birthday
"@tonyge0101                  @realDonaldTrump  why don't you buy your own team? You'll be the best owner ever!"  Thanks.
"@akers_joshua I've read 3 books from @realDonaldTrump &amp; the best advice is in all three. "Do something you're passionate about."  Great.
"@OsamaBinBallinn: Out of all the "celebrities" @realDonaldTrump is the only one that speaks the truth. We need more leaders like him!
@NewYorkGOP The Ed Cox letter to Republicans which is being so badly ridiculed by the press should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
"@SpenceGarcia805: @realDonaldTrump is the man!! Huge inspiration" Thanks!
"@MichaelSteele: Can't wait 4 TrumpDC RT @realDonaldTrump: "@ichicagoscott:  Thanks Michael it will be the best -  keep up the great work!
"@joannakirshner: Enjoying my stay at the beautiful @TrumpPanama. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for bringing Trump to Panama! I love that hotel!
"@johnnyb23390: @realDonaldTrump - the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate. keep up the great work!"
"@arqpallares: FinallyPunta del Este will have its own Trump Tower! Missed @IvankaTrump this year and hope to see you in the opening!"
"@RyleyRLynn: @realDonaldTrump please run for president Mr. Trump! The country needs fixing and you're the best man for the job!"  Thank you
"@caleb2207: @realDonaldTrump my family is going to Hawaii &amp; I told them to go to @TrumpWaikiki I told them that yours' are the best!"
"@KcLivegreen: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the positive words of wisdom!"
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum!
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable.
@cmo626 long time admirer.  Want to buy one of your books for a friend.  Any suggestions?"  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
"@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump only you know the truth Donald!!! Please run for president only you can save the #USA"
"@MichaelRCaputo: Catch @realDonaldTrump on Fred Dicker's @TALK1300 radio show Tuesday at 10AM re: the governor's race. LISTEN LIVE:
"@pruett_jason: @realDonaldTrump Would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman ever!!! #followtheleader"
"@FlushingHearing             @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to hearing you speak at the Starkey Expo on Thursday"10 AM/ Las Vegas/Great!
"@vijaychopra7       U are one of the most gifted personalities today. Keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts" Thank you.
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
"@CarmineValenti: @realDonaldTrump Please run for Presidenteveryone will vote for you.Oh yeah and buy the Mets They'll be 162-0 every year
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!
"@G0D_: @RealShaneHiles @realDonaldTrump until @realDonaldTrump a proven job creator &amp; inspiration for the common man"
"@chrisexpress5: Only @realDonaldTrump could help this country out of the hole it's in. #Trump2016"
"@emanuelcenerini: @realDonaldTrump I think americans know that You would be a great President..no possibility for the others" Thanks!
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence is the person who hired them going to be fired?
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
"_xx_justme  I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. "Respect" #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country." Thx
"@skyblue2050                   @realDonaldTrump The Apprentice is a great show! never tired watching it!"  Thank you.
"@CircleofDocs                    @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago we love the Trump Chicago. Great place to live and visit."  Thank you.
"@L100RAN                       Agree!  The best thing @AlexSalmond can do is start telling the TRUTH and nothing but the TRUTH!"
"@KentTucker   planning a golf trip to Scotland Aug 2015 - should we plan on playing Trump Int'l??"  Yes it is the best.
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings but it’s actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela Monica Spear is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman she will be missed.
"@BattleFace2Face: @realDonaldTrump You got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy #trump2016"
"@lindsey_derek: Out of all the famous people on twitter the only one I see tweet regular people is @realDonaldTrump! #Greatguy"
"@Herr_Barclay: Got to love the Monday segments by @realDonaldTrump on Fox &amp; Friends. Never miss it. It's not Monday but worth a mention!
"@maomaothecat: @realDonaldTrump can't sleep thinking about the new Celeb Apprentice!!!"
"@rhino848484: @realDonaldTrump where would NBC be without the apprentice? You make the TV Network Mr. Trump"
"@JasonGandy: @realDonaldTrump Donald why the hell don't you run for President. Business genius unlike @BarackObama. #2016"
"@18_4_LIFE: Not only a GREAT show but what's forgotten is the worthy causes/charities being supported! Great work being done."  THANKS!
"@Willy_Kingston: This country's economy would be back on track if @realDonaldTrump became the next President."  So true thanks!
"@caleb2207: You should get a show on FoxNews! With your brilliant &amp; independent mind I think your show would surpass the @oreillyfactor"
"@Pertinax193: @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump Now let's get the course in my neighborhood at Kluge on track. My membership awaits."  Thanks!
"@GFCFrocks: @realDonaldTrump Love the Apprentice!!!"
"@tormike: @realDonaldTrump best reality show on TV. Love the challenges"
@Paula_White  One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!
"@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump With this cast u will have the #1 show on TV! Fans are excited! Can you confirm? Justinthanks-will be great
"@NickThompsonPGA: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for letting me play at @trumpinternational.... The best golf course ever! WE ARE PROUD OF YOU!
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
Please @21Club go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve study the best people in your fieldand then plan the best route for success.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
"Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass." - Think Big
Congratulations to @BretBaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @SpecialReport. Brett is great!
Looking forward to hosting the @FloridaGOP “House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament” at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
"@EpilepsyS                  Will you or @EricTrump try to be president of the united states? You could be a great president."  Thanks.
"@RandDHenninger    great quote!                I'm in the turf business. Nj and Phil. Your sups and courses are top notch!"  Thank you.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
"@Drake4444444                    the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for Pres &amp; bring common sense back to govt" Thx.
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational one of the most important equestrian events of the year
“The future is always beginning now.” -  Mark Strand former Poet Laureate
Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--Henry David Thoreau
“Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.” - Sun Tzu
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
"Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life." - Think Big
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
"@HunterBalthazor: @realDonaldTrump if you ran for president you got my vote. Fix the country!"  Thanks
"@jeffredman5: @realDonaldTrump you are the MAN!!!"
"@BlakeWebb6: Safe to say that @realDonaldTrump is the biggest stud on the planet #GOP #TrumpForPresident"
"@ShadeTreeGambla: @realDonaldTrump irony is.... Imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots!"
"@ma22dogs: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas the rooms are like condos. Perfect for families. Very accommodating staff. Thanks!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
When it comes to money finance and even life PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!
“Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.” — @BradPaisley
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
Entrepreneurs – be tough resolute &amp; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.
"@4clint               what is key to attracting new customers.thanks" The gold standard only the best for clients &amp; customers. Every time
“The more predictable the business the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.” - Midas Touch
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington we make it BEST EVER
The global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
The rescue icebreaker trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). IRONIC!
"@ProudlySA: Thank you for your response - we live in a beautiful country &amp; invite you to visit - we will host you &amp; show you the beauty"
@ProudlySA  As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
O.K. Christmas is over now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus focus focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
The new Pope is a humble man very much like me which probably explains why I like him so much!
"@Bayojay: “@realDonaldTrump: "The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do." -- Steve Jobs”"
“Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.” - Larry Bird
"@sneal50            The best thing you "win" by winning USA /Universe is the opportunity to learn from @realDonaldTrump ..... " Thank you.
"@Tudowz              I look up to my man @realDonaldTrump for he has become one of the greatest Entrepreneurs in this times history." Thx
"@MrsDFRizzo7 good thing about Trump..NOT a snob. A straight-arrow w/street sense. Appeals to the masses..a leader all can appreciate" Thx.
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
#3.  Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine what the hell are you doing are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will support @AidForAfrica. Justine is FIRED!
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was  fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on especially in New York and New Jersey you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range.
"@OneAndOnlyRiz: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond Way to go Alex for releasing terrorists. How do you sleep at night?" To the sound of death!
"@manny_ottawa: @Alex_Norcia @realDonaldTrump seems like @AlexSalmond has a history of bad decision making. Maybe that's the point" TURBINES
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @AlexSalmond released the terrorist!
Remember THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
"@MasonChampion: I think I'm about to purchase Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump." Great!
"@cyberpunksamuri: the best Christmas present I could ever ask for is having @realDonaldTrump re-tweet me once"  Merry Christmas!
"@DonDonS1383: @realDonaldTrump Did you hear they caught those animals who killed that lawyer in the mall parking lot? That is great news!
"@ImSoCelebrity: It just seems like a tweet from @realDonaldTrump will inspire the person to achieve great things. That's just my belief.WOW
"@tschumann8: I hate everything that @realDonaldTrump says/does for the most part but he's a Great businessman so I respect that."  O.K.!
"@cynstweet: @realDonaldTrump Wrapping the @realDonaldTrump collection shirts &amp; ties I bought at #Macys. Gorgeous Christmas gifts!" Great!
"@_Jcourtney95: Can't stop watching interviews and documentaries of @realDonaldTrump the man is a legend"  Thank you so nice!
Fernando thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love @SOFLAGOLF!
.@AGSchneiderman Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at!
Guess what folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster.
“Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” - Babe Ruth
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate
If you fail once twice three times it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!
Young Entrepreneurs – the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
No cuts to welfare no cuts to food stamps &amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office called &amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do I will win.
"@STHRNWAYS: If more people thought like @realDonaldTrump the world would be a better place. #TrumpForPresident2016"  Thanks!
"@Lowery01: Hey @realDonaldTrump where can I buy your shirts and ties in the uk please? 😳"  Go to Macy's online.
"@TheChrisRooney: @realDonaldTrump my bro lives at your Charlotte property and said the club is fantastic!" Great thanks!
I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties shirts suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style great price! ONLY THE BEST
The coolest story is that John Beale the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun!  #TrumpTower
For all of those that think life is easy &amp; don’t want to work remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD.
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available @Macys.
“If you want the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@regis  Regis you are the GREATEST!
"@surferev: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC new course layout is unbelievable. 7800 yds long enough for the PGA or what??" Thank you!
"@twinmama85: I love the faux confidence gives people on Twitter...your haters would never say these things to your face."Not haterslosers!
2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
“Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.” - Theodore Roosevelt
@ali_nugent  Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!
“Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today’s world.” – Think Like a Champion
Wow just in-John Beale the top person in government on climate change (EPA) is a total fraud and just admitted it! What can they say now
"@PatrickMendezNV: We had a great exchange on Twitter re: you being snubbed for @TIME person of the year@realDonaldTrump. Time=no guts!
"@BlakeGermony: @realDonaldTrump the only man that understands politics #trump2016"
They call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
59% of the United States by area is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The "global warming" name isn't working anymore-SORRY!
Wow it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool
@Macys  The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts ties really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas &amp; holiday gift by far
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
@VanityFair  I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight @AGSchneiderman.  It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.
@PolitiFact’s #LieOfTheYear is Obama’s if you like your health care plan you can keep it. Wrong. It’s the lie of the decade.
The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
Sources inside @AGSchneiderman’s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.
Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!
What a sad thing that the  memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!
How amazing the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others lived
I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties shirts &amp; cufflinks @Macys—great for Christmas &amp; holidays.
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
"@marianne_hund         thank you for helping free Saeed Abedini. I pray God blesses you and that a Christmas miracle is in the works!" Thx
@TrumpDoral  The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14
@TrumpDoral  The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
"@borland_jim                 After staying at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in NYC everything else seems subpar."  Thank you.
.@JohnKerry claims he has "never stopped working” f/Pastor Abedini’s release through “back channels."  Where are the results?
“Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – Think Like a Champion
.@MarkHalperin’s and John Heilemann’s  book Double Down is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book congrats! @jheil
Come on MLB do the right thing! Let @PeteRose_14 into the Hall.  No drugs—just hard work and talent!
Naghmeh Abedini the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail just left my office. #savesaeed
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let @PeteRose_14---your all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
"@koos32                @realDonaldTrump Donald you also belong in the same category as a great leader. The US needs you!" Thanks.
"@warrencasselljr                      Watching The Apprentice UK. Not as good as @realDonaldTrump's Apprentice." True!
The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
It’s time for @PeteRose_14 to enter @MLB’s @BaseballHall. All time hits leader has paid the price.
“Courageous people do not fear forgiving for the sake of peace.” – Nelson Mandela
Just read @PiersMorgan’s book “Shooting Straight” and whether you love him or hate him (I’m in the first category) it is terrific.
The Unaffordable Care Act sometimes referred to as ObamaCare is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
"@CONKJR:   did you tour @TrumpGolfLA. One of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Martin Howard" Thank you!
@VanityFair   Wow I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer it's really in bad shape!
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination maybe the best of all!
People are always asking me about the very special word CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!
@LoisPope1   Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope was fabulous. Big money raised for charity
"@HMunjal:  You're one of the most educated handsome and sophisticated men that I know of. Men should aspire to be like you."  Thank you!
“You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream the farther you get.” - @MichaelPhelps
Looking forward to hosting @NaghmehAbedini next week @TrumpTowerNY. The White House has  abandoned her husband Christian Pastor Abedini.
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
"@HHShkMohd: To all people in the UAE: your support and enthusiasm fuelled our victory at Dubai #Expo2020. Congratulations a fantastic win!
"@bonz21                      @realDonaldTrump because you tell it like it is and the liberal media can't stand it! Keep blasting away!"Thx
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -- Albert Einstein
Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit nobody cares but with me they go nuts!
The problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on "fixing it" while China &amp; others do nothing!
Wow record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming I mean climate change!
"I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell." --Harry S. Truman
"@dsing33: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump who will run the Trump empire when Trump Sr is president?"
Denver Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?
“The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.” – John Madden
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember they all want to be YOU!
"@BowlingMatthew: Andrew Carnegie was the Donald Trump of early 1900's. He didn't take crap from anybody." A great compliment!
“Build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. That’s building the right way.” – Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
"@AmyRusso108: Thank God there is still someone in America that won't roll over for Obama and his ridiculousness! Sue the pants off NY AG!"
"@skew11: I hope and know @realDonaldTrump will win in court. Very bad what the AG did to him &amp; Trump University!"
Wow the ObamaCare website which President Obama said would be working TODAY is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!
"@pbaratelli: @realDonaldTrump also mention charity payment when PGA tour comes there for the event."  True!
"@AgnesphAgnes: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump has the Midas Touch!" Thank you very nice!
"@paulmilton28: @realDonaldTrump @Macys love the Ties!! Great selection of colours."  They are a big hit thanks.
"@RColdwellBanker: @realDonaldTrump @Macys great ties! Wear them help gives me the power to sell real estate out here in Scottsdale AZ!
"@fay @aberdeedshire How the Green movement kills: 31000 excess winter deaths in Britain last year. Each turbine kills 6 pensioners."
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down a total disaster! 90 million doomed
"@Al_Co: @realDonaldTrump Wind Turbines are Ugly and a FRAUD. Remove them. UK is going down the gutter." @aberdeenshire @AlexSalmond
Trump International in Dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius!
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial  @dubaiexpo2020
My ties shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's!
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
@RSPBScotland @alexsalmond the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines!
@RSPBScotland must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire. @alexsalmond
"@ThirdForceNews: Should the golden eagle be Scotland's national bird? @RSPBScotland" Won't be any left alive-wind turbines killing them all
"@RSPBScotland: Thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden #eagle Scotland's national bird! Being KILLED by wind turbines
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world.
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
"@jeffbuehrle                      @realDonaldTrump @Macys Really like the ties. Have a handful and they are my favorite." Use them well!
Mr. President tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR as a sign of good faith &amp; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!
Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
President Obama is finally getting hammered even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!
Don't worry THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
Just got home watching the news and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again but we need leadership!
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of The Deal.
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact and focus on the positives.
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it and others Washington - you really can do better!
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal especially one that is not complete is that it shows weakness to the other side
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate dealsthey just go on to the next one
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - ObamaCare Iran Syria bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
"@otcgiant: @realDonaldTrump with even a half decent running mate I don't see how you could lose against the Democrats ineptness. #Trumo2016
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL!
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!
Snow and ice freezing weather in Texas Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?
Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!
The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
Young entrepreneurs – keep positive. Don’t let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there.
It’s Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare – let it fail.  Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp; Obama killed it yesterday.  Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.
If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years nobody would be suing them—easy target.
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack please remember the late great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged and you carry a gun shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.
"Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch." -- Midas Touch
Florida Power &amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. @insideFPL
@morningmika   I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!
"Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --Think Like a Champion
"If you want to kill any idea in the world get a committee working on it." -- Charles Kettering
Congratulations to @MikeTyson on the success of his new book "Undisputed Truth" &amp; @HBO special--and thanks for the nice words Mike.
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20 000 troops there for many more years fully paid for by the U.S. but first they want apology.
The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
Last October on @meetthepress @chucktodd attacked @jack_welch and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
"@IanCKeffer: Rocking a @realDonaldTrump brand tie today for good measure. The picture does it no justice. Available @Macys  LOOKS GREAT!
"The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do." -- Steve Jobs
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes.
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
How did the NCAA which is weak and becoming irrelevant extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?
I wonder what the late great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled?
"@ISaidKnow: AWESOME! RT  Again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!”  Thanks!
The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target
13 BILLION 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued.
@EveningExpress   Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!
Again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.  Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1
"@TruckerSamF: Already thinking about golf 2014...top of the list has to be revamped Doral World Golf Championship March 3-9 Miami FL"
"@Bill_Collector_: @realDonaldTrump we need you as the next president! Your a winner!!!"  Thank you.
"@iverson233: @realDonaldTrump can I run your hotels while you run the country ?"  Sounds good to me!
"@LydiaPearman: @realDonaldTrump @PatrickWeeks and let's be honest you have some of the finest #RealEstate on the planet!"   Very true!
"@pididdie20: "In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish" - Donald Trump"
I'll be on @gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
"@AndrewSNicoll: @realDonaldTrump the same idiots who think he was born in the USA! Dopes!"
"@OJOsborn: @realDonaldTrump I am one of them fools. The presidents heart in right place"  WRONG he knowingly lied - bad intentions!
In a new poll a majority of people felt  the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied?
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used as the face of the website someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia.
No matter how far down a path you go if it's the wrong path turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
"@Shrubshrub: I've said it before. I'll say it again. The turn down service at the @TrumpToronto is the best in the world." Thank you!
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4992343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE LESS THAN 50OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
Everyone should watch the documentary ‘Windfall’ on @netflix. See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists &amp; windfarms.
"@Dexter_Cn: @realDonaldTrump President Trump sounds good to me"  I'll tell you one thing the country would be back on top again!  Thanks.
"@becca110611: @realDonaldTrump is literally the appitamy of amazing! Gotta love him❤️"  Thank you Becca.
"@AarranMcPherson: @realDonaldTrump Good luck in your case against the wind turbines in Aberdeen Bay most sensible Scots agree with you!"
"@nicky0472: @realDonaldTrump The only ppl that still believe Obama did not lie r completely lost.  So true!
"@DaphneHaven: I'm so fascinated by the way @realDonaldTrump is. He motivates me to never give up &amp; to keep pushing forward. 🌚"  Great!
.@IamStevenT gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @MissUniverse. Standing ovation!
Happy Veterans Day to ALL in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
Don't worry when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made we will start doing the right things.
"@_maleki_: @realDonaldTrump : Give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016." Thank you very nice.
The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL
"@cooey2ruley: @realDonaldTrump since you are in Russia go kick Snowden in the ass."
"@brose2288: @realDonaldTrump The women are unbelievable but getting to hang with Steven Tyler will be the highlight!"  Steven sings tonight
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!
“Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi.  Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. @BillyGraham’s birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!
Had dinner this week at @MEGUNYC (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nations—fantastic food! 212.964.7777
"THEBillMcGee            @realDonaldTrump-after a year of wear your shirts still look great! Glad I made the purchase!" Thank you.
I will be going to Asheville North Carolina tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!
A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship.
Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
Just sit back and watch ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
Job tip: If you were the employer what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
“If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.” – Milton Friedman
"thilan_GolfSwag               @realDonaldTrump Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job!" Thanks.
“Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.” – Midas Touch
"@emilyluvsuxoxo: @realDonaldTrump is the best person in the entire world."  Thank you Emily so nice!
"@mzulianix3: @realDonaldTrump you are the coolest man I've ever met 👍"  Thank you!
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!
"@MyStateTalk: @realDonaldTrump For President 2016 we need to end the madness we need a leader like you in office!!!"  Thank you.
"@PGHCEO: If @realDonaldTrump was pres. the US would probably be buying small countries and flipping them to other countries. Profit though.
Wow just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!
@GOP House has the right bill: “If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” The Senate must take it up on a vote!
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
"@Deny62Wilson: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the course to get completed best thing that ever happened to Aberdeenshire"  TRUE.
"@MONTECRISTO_Mag: The @TrumpVancouver presentation centre has opened. “This is going to be special” said @realDonaldTrump.
“Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” - Andrew Carnegie
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool great guy. I'm going to send him $10 000-he deserves it!
"@MaryHukill: @realDonaldTrump The Donald J. Trump shirt from Macys looks GOOD!!! Sharp good fabric great color...it ROCKS!!! Classy look.
Congratulations to Boston on the @RedSox World Series victory. Earned and deserved.
The ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp;  rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp; balances—a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
“Learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion
“The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.” – Midas Touch
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
"@billmaher: With the cast from Friday's Real Time - and now I'm in Springfield Mass for standup tonight-and Bill you totally bombed-"BAD"
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
Congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book “Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.” #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. Must read!
It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
"@haay_ramiiie: @realDonaldTrump has the best twitter"
Fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid!
.@AlexSalmond  of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
.@AlexSalmond –the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi  go lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog.
.@AlexSalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.
When will @AlexSalmond realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare spying NSA IRS brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
"@SirBlaineRichie: @BillGates @WarrenBuffett and @realDonaldTrump are the most inspirational people i know of."
"@Semjazaraziel: @realDonaldTrump @TamiMiddleton We need Trump in 16 to fix this mess the community activist has created"
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
"@Mackiaveli13: @realDonaldTrump Us latinos will vote for you. All we want is to be part of the American Dream. Include us! Cool.
"@AlexLevandoski: People who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success. Thanks for the inspiration Mr. Trump!" Thanks
"@phickeyma:  We need you for POTUS because there's a whole lot of people in Washington who need to hear the words YOU'RE FIRED!"
The new line of Trump ties shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out!
"@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump I am clairvoyant. May I be the first to congratulate you on your win Mr. President?"  CUTE!
"@Rizz_Lizz:  The reason I think you will be POTUS is bcuz I have never seen anyone juggle so many things at once &amp; be successful @ each."
@10AJMcCarron  Great game against Tennessee  by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos!
"I try to learn from the past but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is." ~Donald Trump"
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be sadly that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more U.S. is looking really stupid!
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
"@kylesmith300: @realDonaldTrump I agree about the wind turbines they are horrible"
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
"@Kmatthews912: @realDonaldTrump the youth of America needs you Mr. Trump"  They sure need someone and fast!
"@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump @AmSpec You're more than the best Entrepreneur; great teacher &amp; source of encouragement!  Thanks.
"@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump Seriously you are the only American qualified to be Prez -all areas of competence!. Thank you.
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!
“You want to compete and you want to compete at the highest level.” - @boonepickens
.@BoonePickens  Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man.
Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec—Thank you for the presentation—terrific job!
Bob Tyrrell @AmSpec—Thank you--and also for the great work you do.
Great evening with the @AmSpec &amp; the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowd—thank you!
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.
I’ll soon be leaving for Washington where @AmSpec will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
Where’s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them!
Honestly whether you're for or against ObamaCare the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.
Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrow’s @AmSpec Robert L. Bartley Gala dinner.
"@Sajiah: 1 of the first ties bought my sweetheart was Trump from Macy's on 34th w/cuff links. Thx 4 shootingstraight.  Great!
“Sure the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent.” - @DanMarino
On November 9th @MissUniverse comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of @OfficialMelB &amp; @ThomasARoberts in Crocus City Hall!
"@pjpaton: Wind farms have scarred the British landscape&amp;turned the public against the renewable energy agenda! See I was ahead of our time
"@CharleyDummer: @realDonaldTrump the whole UK supports you in the #2016 elections we all love watching the apprentice USA here.
"@JaimeSells: @realDonaldTrump 4 president has my vote! We need financial education in the USA. Go get em D!"  Thanks Jaime!
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed   website. In fact why didn't he use them in the first place!
"@Ay_Zimmy: @realDonaldTrump I'm already persuading my friends to vote for you in 2016 make it happen!" Thanks for the confidence!
"@BicYea50: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag Whats the odds the 5 people who subscribe 2 that rag-- I mean mag will ever see this tweet?"
"@em3601: Hey @realDonaldTrump please announce you are running in 2016. You are the only one who can revive our country."
"@LILSKINNY11: @realDonaldTrump Hey D Trump is time for me to buy a "Trump 2016" yet? Lead us back to the top!!"
"@TheYardSaleKing: @realDonaldTrump I had the honor of going in to this awesome building today. Even the restrooms are first class!  Thanks.
"@adhietAK85: This is my favorite person @realDonaldTrump.. Greatest bussinesman in the world !! I want to be like him"  Thank you.
@NYMag   I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing boring abd totally biased New York "Ragazine"-SAVE YOUR MONEY!
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635000000 WEBSITE!
@NYMag   In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - "What do you think of Donald Trump?" Beggars!
"@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump Working on my "Midas Touch" plan re: the fund anything reward! You are my favorite entrepreneur! Thanks.
Secy. Sebelius who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain
"@sjp111: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP Dan Amira owes Mr Trump and his wife an apology!"  He doesn't have the guts to apologize!
"@afrodeziak: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Unlike the rest of you libs Mr. Trump will be just fine. He doesn't have Obamacare!"
@ThomasARoberts   Thomas you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today!
"@CheifSoda: @realDonaldTrump should be the next president  the man knows how to make money and has reasonable solutions for every problem
"@cwide12: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag never had the stinking NYMag but if I did I would cancel for the Trump!"  It's dead anyway!
"@lggarmon: I wish the @realDonaldTrump would be president our country would be much better off than what it is. #WhatAmericaNeeds #Trump16
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our "leaders"? This is a scandal!
Wow China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter.  If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership
I love watching the dishonest writers @NYMag suffer the magazine’s failure.
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE® Pageantwill take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55 744 081. It then bloated to $292 071067 INCOMPETENCE
"@dongibson12: @magicdel @LateShow Mr Trump. You have great kids.Let them handle UR business. Step forward and save what's left of the USA"
"@ChrissstinaC: @realDonaldTrump I've been watching The apprentice since I was 10 and thats really all I get excited for in the winter #love
"@SocSteve: @realDonaldTrump was the man on Letterman!"
"@magicdel: @realDonaldTrump @LateShow You're the only one."
"@mitchgotinfo: @realDonaldTrump Don the Country needs you I served 4 years in our Armed forces and I am asking you to lead our Nation"
"@mitchgotinfo: @realDonaldTrump Great men do great things America needs you America's allies need you in truth the world needs you." Wow
"@theholst: @realDonaldTrump I was against fame entering the white house until now. Please run for president the US needs you. Thank you.
"@bwiss24: @realDonaldTrump is the post office building in DC the way the US is going to pay your salary when you become the President in 16
"@russellwestofa:  I'm a Democrat have not been your biggest fan but you made some very good points on the #Davidletterman show tonight."
"@eyesinburgh: "You've really got the world by the ass don't you?" says Letterman to @realDonaldTrump. Classic"
"@krokid2012: @NickFaldo006 @realDonaldTrump No joke.....The Donald would be a great #rydercup captain."  I agree.
"@CrystalLee1971:  then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in DC! You do it better than anyone else!".
By the way New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the "energy" that lies just below our feet (now)!
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!
I'm on the David Letterman @LateShow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
"@piersmorgan             Thanks @realDonaldTrump for coming to my book party - wouldn't have been the same without you!"  Piers--Congrats!
"@sandersandrew: @realDonaldTrump Donald you are a true American hero. I can't wait to celebrate Trump day in the future." Wow nice.
Remember if you don't pat yourself on the back nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!
"@vraia: @realDonaldTrump Does a day go by when you don't pat yourself on the back?  Not many!
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the    S.E.C.  It never should have been brought in the first place!
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYC—congratulations to all!
"@Ceastwood12: @realDonaldTrump now this should give Bethpage a run for the money in NY" Will blow Bethpage away!
Will be cutting ribbon at           10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.
"Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence." – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!
@BillNojay   Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE LIKE OUR COUNTRY IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight.
@SkiingElvis It will be the country's finest resort!
As an addition Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!
@905K9 Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
"@01101O10: only an idiot loses money in real-estate @realdonaldtrump does that all the time."  I've made over ten billion $'s you idiot!
"@Miranda__Phoebe: @realDonaldTrump graduated from @Wharton (the School of Champions)." Great school true!
@TiffanyATrump   Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster
Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at!
"@RBrownFSU: @realDonaldTrump I'm coming to NY from Florida tomorrow. I'm bringing the first Trump 2016 sign with me. #startthemovement" Wow
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano retired CEO of IBM should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!
"@DEMEGL10: @realDonaldTrump Everyone should start their twitter day with TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT....lets start the movement"  Wow!
"@Mary_Eg: @realDonaldTrump Sir that was a great interview you had with Piers keep up the good work sir"  Thank you.
"@mat_sly: @realDonaldTrump Great job What we need in the next election!!! #2016"
"@ErikAunapuu: @realDonaldTrump I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen!" Thank you.
"@ErikAunapuu: @realDonaldTrump I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen!" Thanks.
"@Roberts3269: @realDonaldTrump Blake Thomas Roberts the Donald Trump of Houston. You're my motivation! #dedication #hardwork" Great!
"@HollyMo15146097: @realDonaldTrump Trump for PRESIDENT!!! THE U.S. ADORES TRUMP!
"@DavidRealtorCT: @realDonaldTrump Amazing Interview Mr.Trumplove the fact you didn't sugarcoat the facts. Thank you Sir."
"@wykkdlilchit: @realDonaldTrump The truth that needed to be heard. Voice of common sense! YOU'RE HIRED!!"
"The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure." - Sen. Obama 3/16/06
Obama’s job approval is at 37% a record low. @GOP &amp; @SpeakerBoehner have the leverage &amp; momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. That’s an absolute disgrace.
"@Lennydrew              @realDonaldTrump I really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books. It starts the day off right!"  Thx
"@ChrisAgada: @realDonaldTrump on @PiersMorganLive tomorrow?! I wouldn't miss that for the world!"  TONIGHT.
Re Florida Power &amp; Light—Most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - Wayne Gretzky
“Don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. It’s a mindset that works.” – Think Like a Champion
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
"@OHOUD555: "@realDonaldTrump: " Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates with @Damacakoya
"@kristensharpe30: @realDonaldTrump @NhoieGee love Donald Trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!! :-)"
"@motleyhoney: @realDonaldTrump I say go for it solid business leadership for a change. Congrats on the new development in Vancouver"Thanks
"@NhoieGee: @realDonaldTrump am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event?"  Miss Universe on Nov 9th yes!
"@JoseConesa01: @realDonaldTrump It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama "you're FIRED""  Thanks for the nice words!
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words day after day from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!
In my opinion one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
Had a great time on @gretawire’s inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta  on the new spot!
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence.
President Obama wants to change the name of the "White House" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on themnot nonsense
"@AmandaTMiller: Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates and first day of Cityscape 2013 cc @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump
"@Mimi_La_Reina: @fogslifting @realDonaldTrump @Redskins that will never fly! They'd have to do the same for the Chiefs Braves Indians ect
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn!
With the debt limit approaching @GOP has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned @Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
Standing strong for his people @GovWalker is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
"@TheGINE3000: @realDonaldTrump We need someone with some business sense in the White House. This administration doesn't have a clue."
"@GeneMcVay: @realDonaldTrump The Donald says the Republicans absolutely can win if they will STAND FIRM. @SpeakerBoehner
"@WRNSR: @realDonaldTrump Negotiations are non-existant Obama needs to be sent a copy of "The Art of the Deal" (Maybe autographed)"
"@jacadere: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump is right again. The Republicans need to stick together and let the Dems be blamed.
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
"@bprunty67: @realDonaldTrump the only ruler that does not Negotiate is a DICTATOR!"
@kdawnpatterson  While I never ran I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!
"@ryan_mcvicker: Went to @realDonaldTrump winery in Charlottesville VA yesterday for my birthday it was awesome! One of the best!"  Thanks!
“Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – Think Like a Champion
“The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead.” – Jack Nicholson
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
Congrats to @nbc on the success of the new smash show @NBCBlacklist. Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
Total misnomer to call ObamaCare ‘The Affordable Care Act.’ Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp; Congress w/their exemptions?
Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judge’s ruling concerning bird killing land destroying environmentally disastrous windmills.
"@TonyCinMo: “@realDonaldTrump: Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.”
“Most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work but from the assets they build.” –  Midas Touch
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.
Angela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low &amp; she has a budget surplus.
“Know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. That’s taking control.” – Think Like a Champion
"@hasantaleb: If @realDonaldTrump was The President all our problems would be fixed." We would be doing great!
"@Doug_E_Fresh2: Forget the country @realDonaldTrump could run the world better than anyone anywhere." Thanks Doug!
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
A-Rod’s appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the @Yankees. And sends strong message to @MLB players.
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive think big &amp; big things will happen
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo.
@IsraeliPM @netanyahu’s UN address was a strong statement to the world that @Israel will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
Can you imagine with all of the talk about ObamaCare technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
“Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy there is no excuse." - Think Like a Billionaire
It was an honor to be @GretchenCarlson's inaugural guest on her new show ‘The Real Story.’ Gretchen will be a big success!
"@kennyj7d7                     @realDonaldTrump Run for office you are the only one that can fix this big mess." Perhaps true!
Obama &amp; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Don’t believe!
"@MyLifeIsLibby: @realDonaldTrump you seem like the only one who can fix this mess! Run for office!"
The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said "we can't win".Very bad!
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!
“Integrity is the essence of everything successful.” – Richard Buckminster Fuller
Business is an art in itself and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
No one wants the government to shut down but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
"@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump If you have a problem-Think to yourself-What would Donald Trump do? The answer will come."  Thanks.
With proper thinking and leadership we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
"@rosschisholm10: @realDonaldTrump Dad got his first hole in 1 today on the 16th at Trump International Links. Can I get a rt for him please
Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times like no other. The world is a crazy place!
"@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump if the people want to get our economy back on track they’ll vote #TRUMP in 2016"Thank you.
"@sellinghomes123: @realDonaldTrump best properties all over the world!"
"@BordenRhodes: @realDonaldTrump can close the economic racial and political divisions in America" That is true!
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria and now this! What's next?
"@BordenRhodes: @realDonaldTrump I think you are the #MostPowerfulVoiceInMedia" Then how come our government makes so many mistakes?
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
Don’t believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
"@normancom1: @realDonaldTrump after following your career for over 20 yrs I conclude you are the real thing.. run for public officeplease
"@the_Larkinater: @realDonaldTrump I play hockey at Lasker! Thanks for an amazing outside rink in the best city in the world!"
"@Bugsyfire: @realDonaldTrump You've saved a lot of buildings. developments and ventures.Please save the White House !!"  Interesting!
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!
Yes this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!
"@FelixNunez249: @realDonaldTrump congrats! The Bronx will never be the same again it will be better!!" So true!  Thanks.
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point course will be GREAT and over the years hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC.
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project I kicked "ass" and got it done fast
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen
“The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.” - @rupertmurdoch
"@MISSUNIVERSE43                     @realDonaldTrump Great book.  'The Art of the Deal' "  Thanks.
If ObamaCare is so amazing then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp; Change.
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?—Zero respect!
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare our country would not be in turmoil right now!
"@Greek_Boy_21: @realDonaldTrump if we don't defund #Obamacare the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government
@NeNeLeakes   NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!).
“Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words think work and be lucky.” – Think Like a Champion
It’s a shame the ruling class of Republicans don’t attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp; Lee.
Obama told the UN that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.” Is he delusional?
Congrats to Team USA &amp; Capt. @AllenWronowski for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
@MileyCyrus is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE.
"@Aus10_Bailey: @realDonaldTrump has the best tweets for real."  Thank you a great way to communicate.
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.  He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
Obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry put Americans out of work raise electricity prices &amp; lead to blackouts.
The Democrats in Congress don’t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @GOP must do the right thing stand strong &amp; defund!
Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. One of the best @Yankees in history.
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office.
"@KingNSG: @realDonaldTrump we need a big change I believe you have the best chance and ability to do so."  Thank you.
The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
"@Agustin_Gil:      @ApprenticeNBC @ @KimRichards11 #RHOBH and #CelebApprentice should be part of the Emmys nominations!"  Pure politics!
"@KrissyGasbarre: To @realDonaldTrump: the service food and rooms at Trump Intl. are OUTSTANDING. I've finally found my Las Vegas hotel.
"@995mu: @DELAVEGAPROPHET @realDonaldTrump De La Vega wise words to Trump. Love the man. Want to see an icon outlast life itself. #blessings
"@daveesnova: @realdonaldtrump The unparalleled genius"  Thanks.
"@rsmundo: @realDonaldTrump @nymike7 @kaatje36 I like the Donald. An American hero."
"@Eckbowman: @realDonaldTrump Donald the course you have given us in Scotland is world class! Thank you!"
"@mgmacdon: @realDonaldTrump thinking of booking #trump Vegas for our anniversary. How are the rooms? Do they sell Trump water?" Great &amp; yes
"@KobayashiNick: @realDonaldTrump do you have to retweet the only people who actually give you a complement? Should I retweet haters-losers?
"@Aperanio827: @realDonaldTrump us taxpayers are tired of carrying the deadbeats"
"@67Chester: @realDonaldTrump Care to say a few words to @IranGovt ?"  Get rid of the NUKES and fast!
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and by the way the healthcare is no good anyway!
"@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump @Klyushina_ENG Are you going to straighten out the Russia Syria problem? Hope so."  Can be done!
"@joshjame: Best Twitter follow I ever made: The Donald. Random 24/7 MT @realDonaldTrump: I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person
An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person.
"@SeanKAnderson: @realDonaldTrump my late-mother and I watch the Apprentice since S1. I was 10yo...the foundation for my love of business"
"@Mullaney3000: @realDonaldTrump what a victory at the member guest today at trump national Bedminster. #braggingrights" I LOVE TO WIN!
“Our Constitution was made only for a moral &amp; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”-- John Adams
If you include people who have left the work force unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
"@johnmorrow821: @realDonaldTrump You should have been president. The US would have a surplus of cash!"  True!
"@IcemanIMMG: @realDonaldTrump is the best in business . #NoDaysOff"  Right up there!
"@ovobeckford2: RT: @realDonaldTrump  Hahahahahahaha. Smart guy. I think he did same to me. Trump is loved in Nigeria via the Apprentice."
"@Klyushina_ENG: @realDonaldTrump when do you plan to come to Moscow? At the beginning of November? Looking forward for your coming" Nov. 9
"@SeanKAnderson: @realDonaldTrump I have so much respect for you that I don't care that you blatantly criticize the President I support!
Move slowly carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool move slowly - and think! IRAN
"@3Ddudra: @realDonaldTrump Do you know when the Trump Tower in Vancouver is suppossed to open?" 18 months.
"@JeffPetak: @realDonaldTrump when is the Blue Monster going to be open for play?" November 15.
"@SwingTrader2012: @realDonaldTrump I think Trump Chicago is the single most beautiful building in the world."  Thank you.
"@margaritapotter: @realDonaldTrump you got it Donald that resort will be the best!!!!"
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
"Build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. That's building the right way." - Think Like a Champion
"@Dropz11: @realDonaldTrump @Chloe_Eliise Unfortunately the good men like Trump only run for President once a century."  Thank you.
@seanhannity   Thanks Sean keep up the good work!
"@KaburuOle: @realDonaldTrump like Einstein was the greatest scientist I submit you are the greatest Entreprenuer of our time." Thank you.
"The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size." -- Einstein
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries in particular Russia are mocking the U.S.
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon we are just going to do a death spiral!
"@JCOTheAmerican: @realDonaldTrump I'm a fresh in college and I dream of being half the entrepreneur you are Donald."  You will do great.
"@saredelman: @realDonaldTrump is the greatest. To everyone who hates on him HE DOES NOT CARE WHAT YOU SAY. 😂😂😂"
"@DHalley: @realDonaldTrump Sounds like a fantastic project. Keep us posted on the progress. Take care."  Thank you.
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. @MIGOP is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
@AnishaBhasin1   You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly an amazing couple!
"@99awesomeone: @realDonaldTrump How about Wrestlemania 30 Donald vs Vince?!?! #WM30"Sounds good to me I already hold the record!
@FloydMayweather  The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)
"@Smile4Riley: @realDonaldTrump Just ONE TWEET from The Donald Could CHANGE Lil Riley of NJs Life Post HEART/LUNG Transplant ♡
"@1JeffHensley: @realDonaldTrump @DuaneMcAnally Donald we need you in 2016. Youre the only one who can turn us around now!! TRUMP 2016" TRUE
"@Catherine1840: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the new season of Apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation!"  Thanks!
"@DuaneMcAnally: @realDonaldTrump really stuck your neck on the line there. Great shout." .Thank you.
"@pablofication: @realDonaldTrump The world needs a strong &amp; proud America back to founding principals. You know how to make things great!
"@mikeoconnell10: @realDonaldTrump I played your course in the NJ Mid Am this week. It couldn't have been better. Perfect?  Thanks Mike.
"@jp_worldwide: @realDonaldTrump buy it .... turn it around .... and flip it as only The Donald can"  That's what I do-but sometimes keep it
"@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for caring so much about the U.S.A.!"
"@AllenWronowski: @TrumpGolfDC did a wonderful job with the opening dinner for #2013juniorPGA. Food and room were fantastic - Thanks.Allen!
"@AllenWronowski: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @TrumpGolfDC Have created something very special. #2103juniorPGA best ever is the word here.
"@JasonBordui: The best place for a great lunch with a spectacular view in Chicago is @SixteenChicago @realDonaldTrump.
"@PGAalltheway: @realDonaldTrump played with one of the assistant pro's from Doral said the new design is amazing Can't wait!"
"@caitconn: On a serious note @realDonaldTrump's tweets are genius. One of the smartest people! 🇺🇸"  Thank you very nice!
Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
"@dancurran4: @realDonaldTrump take the money we would waste in Syria. Give it to you. You go rebuild Detroit."  So true!
"@reinaplaza: @realDonaldTrump don't call me a witch or mediumbut I know you will be the next USA President. And you will get peace!  Wow!
"@IMSJustJustin:  TRUMP2016! "You can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips." Please Sir make the announcement! #Patriotic"
"@Aj_baylor: @realDonaldTrump has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country" Thank you I agree!
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!
At least @TheTinaBeast is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.
@TheTinaBeast is claiming that she decided to leave the @thedailybeast. Sure just like every other magazine that fired her.
I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M.  I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
"@MJGrilliot: @realDonaldTrump is the funniest yet most honest person on Twitter" Thanks!
“@realDonaldTrump: I would like to extend my best wishes to all even the haters and losers on this special date September 11th.”
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
Many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?"  The answer is -- not much.
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  You will never be forgotten!
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fearwe are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
Spitzer and Weiner lost lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
"@kbmc24: @realDonaldTrump my husband and I think you're so awesome!! We can't wait to come to NYC one day and see the Trump towers!" Great!
"@TheTeflonDante: @realDonaldTrump who should be the AG replacement? Any thoughts?" There are a number of very good people!
"@johndoe5210: @realDonaldTrump . I worked for another self made man Elon Musk. I have the greatest respect for both of you. Thank you!
Assad hit the jackpot!
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
"@thorpe81: @realDonaldTrump you are the greatest.. Thank you. #staygreat!"  I will be working hard on that!
"@The_ClarkSide: @realDonaldTrump is the man! #TrumpForPresident" Thanks!
"@morningafterbil: @realDonaldTrump I can't imagine you being bad at anything. You are the real most interesting man in the world." Wownice
"@DeanoCT: @realDonaldTrump you sir have the greatest twitter of all time" Thank you!
"@TsatsaSepia: "@realDonaldTrump: “A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion"
"@Brock2120: @realDonaldTrump I remember when Schneiderman was 2nd in command to Patterson on the D side. Can you believe those two?
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!
Does he look sharp smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.
"@allen1006: @realDonaldTrump @kevin47881 he has kept his campaign pledge to fundamentally transform America-for the worse!
"@obamafraudulent: @realDonaldTrump @d18mt2 The birth certificate that you forced Obama to show is a computer generated forgery.
"@d18mt2: @realDonaldTrump You will knock the President anyway. Wrong I would love to see him do a great job but it's not working that way
"@kevin47881: @realDonaldTrump The 0bama presidency has been a disaster for America"
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the @millonseconds app and watch @RyanSeacrest on Monday at 8/7c on @NBC
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set America’s deterrence &amp; stature back by years. Amateurs!
"@LiamMcCallum85: @realDonaldTrump should be elected for president of the world. The man speak great sense about world problems!! #leader"
"@MYSTORY2: @realDonaldTrump did u get boo d at the us Open last night?"  No very friendly crowd-great match!
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!
@Toure  Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason
Icahn Kravis Zell Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do.
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.  No answers!
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
Why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
Also great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
"@dashinglis: @realDonaldTrump @robin1260 I'm in the states next week and whenever I am there I always buy Trump shirts and ties. I luv em"
"@RangerLE901: @realDonaldTrump @robin1260 yup. Trump line rocks. The ties are impeccable ! Thanks DT."
"@michael_mkw10: @realDonaldTrump when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016? Got to love the Trump brand but Trump presidency best!
"@DianeMarshall_: @realDonaldTrump speaks nothing but the truth unlike certain people in the current presidential administration"True Diane
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
"@madrox91: I think @realDonaldTrump should run office for one day. Then maybe some stuff would get set straight. The right way." Thank you!
"@SybilaLopez: @realDonaldTrump "The Quality is the best." A+."
"@RossMcCutchen: @realDonaldTrump Where can I find more Trump ties...they are the best ties I've ever owned"  At Trump Tower - 57th &amp; Fifth.
"@hyda313: @realDonaldTrump I have the cuff links!!!! They single handedly got me a job!!"
"@tombwiles: @realDonaldTrump You forgot to mention the stylish cufflinks."  True - people love them - thanks!
"@CosmosTickets: @realDonaldTrump @macy your apparel is the first thing I look at when I go to the mall!"  Thanks - you have good taste!
My shirts ties and suits are selling great @Macy's because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!
"@FadiS_83: @realDonaldTrump is the mannever heard such wise words. #HandsOffSyria."  SMART!
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
"@Robertr369: @realDonaldTrump if only Japan had the same courtesy Dec 1941"  They should have told us they were coming like us with Syria!
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact he was so bad he gave us Obama!
Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships the stealth bombers the destinations-so ridiculous!
When we have big disasters no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
“Any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.” – The America We Deserve
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
The historic $250M renovations at @TrumpDoral are moving on pace. Once complete @TrumpDoral will be South Florida’s premiere resort.
“Remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘He who has the gold makes the rules.’” – Midas Touch
I wonder how much our "leaders" have promised or given Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?
We don't have the leadership including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.
"@autumnallday: @realDonaldTrump I wish you'd run for office. The country needs more minds like yours."  Thank you.
"@KhalidNasser: @realDonaldTrump In this case What would you do if you were the President?" I'd rebuild the U.S. and make it great again!
The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so         completely stupid!
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so the Arab Leaguewhose members are laughing at us should pay!
“If you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – The Art of the Deal
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obama’s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable @scottmstringer.
AGAIN TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
"@gregfrech: @realDonaldTrump have you seen the video of the rebel commander cutting out and eating the Syrian soldiers heart &amp; liver!!
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the "rebels" executing prisoners you would say forget the rebels!
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!
"@Whoopsydoodle: @realDonaldTrump god your the best Mr. Trump!"  I like you tooooo!
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syriafix U.S.A.
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly now he denies he said that!
"@livin_in_80s: @realDonaldTrump hell yeah! Dammit I love the frankness and brutal honesty of @realDonaldTrump !" It is the only way!
"@cbgoober: @realDonaldTrump @StephMcMahon @Tjryyyan @WWE think its time for The Donald to make a Surprise visit to #RAW" Speak to Vince!
"@Tjryyyan: @realDonaldTrump Did you enjoy the experience you had with @WWE"  Yes had a great time!
"@J_Lowry_: Idc what anyone says @realDonaldTrump is the man"  Very nice!
"@FSUSteve: @realDonaldTrump Why do you think you're so polarizing?"  Because I like to be-it often times brings out the truth!
"@WhiskeysCowgirl: @realDonaldTrump " just turned off Jay!  I can't watch him anymore running out with the phony high fives-he's lost it!
I hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me (hair etc—boring) on the terminated @jayleno show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
.@GOP must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Don’t let Syria rule the agenda.
Congratulations to @PiersMorgan on winning @BritishGQ TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
"@andrewessex1: @realDonaldTrump @tannermarkboots Just finished 'art of the deal' Brilliant insight into your mind thanks!
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton real leaders and fighters are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare.
"@BattoulShamsi: @realDonaldTrump I just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things 2 the point."Thanks.
"@jvmesb: @realDonaldTrump is the kind of president we need!"  True!
"@mbouchon: Make an appearance @realDonaldTrump! We would love to host you at the USC #EntrepreneurshipClub @SCProvingGround" Thanks!
“Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you can’t sell it who will?” – Midas Touch
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.
“A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion
"@thobane63: @realDonaldTrump why the hell are you always criticising Obama"  Because he is doing a terrible in fact embarrassing job!
"@Trill_Blowa: If the government just listened to @realDonaldTrump this country would be so much better!"
"@Devante4Liberty: @realDonaldTrump But if we had a Republican President you would say the exact opposite right?"  Wrong!
Think of it the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets killing civilians there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.
"@desorourke84: @realDonaldTrump trump tower here in Chicago is such an impressive building and architecturally really fits in with the area
"@TarekR: @realDonaldTrump If you ever become president of the US what would be your first step?"  Get rid of Obamacare!
"@_itsTracy: @realDonaldTrump run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotland....we could use your help" Cute!
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job!
"@schulesix3: Roast of @JamesFrancoTV will be the best one since @realDonaldTrump"  OK as long as mine remains number one!
"@mikethoms85: @realDonaldTrump with all due respect Bush did exactly the same thing in Iraq."  You will seldom see me defending Bush.
In war the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing.
"@libertybellskp: @realDonaldTrump That's the plan. Have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life? I am stunned daily."
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
"@mguarino64: @realDonaldTrump " How would you treat the Syria situation if president ?" I'd let them all fight with each other-focus on US!
"@imanthonyholmes: I've always looked up to @realDonaldTrump. Business and Politics! He's the man!"  Thank you!
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
"@iRazaAliShah: @realDonaldTrump - Donald you are anti-Obama no matter what Obama does you will take the opposite view.  WRONG-all on merit
"@dickquinn: @realDonaldTrump Obviously amateur hour at the WH. Obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so."
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us!
Obama now just wants to save face Russia is now telling him "don't do it". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the "PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR"
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
"@cadams2513: @realDonaldTrump if trump was POTUS we would have all the money we need! #trump 2016"   That's true!
"@Joe1sPro: @realDonaldTrump the president of Syria is killing people inhumanly"  But the so called "rebels" may be just as bad (or worse)!
"@kingsfansouth: @realDonaldTrump I usually agree with you not tonight. Stop criticizing The President."I will when he makes good decisions
"@jenconservative: @RKDrake @realDonaldTrump I would be totally surprised if the US even HAS any money to spend on Syria!!" We don't!
"@leebandoni: @realDonaldTrump for once the UK has seen sense and not been dragged into this." They were for once very smart!
"@jenconservative: @realDonaldTrump Not to mention we probably don't have the money to spend on another long war!!"  So true!
How bad has our "leader" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize.
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed he and the U.S. will look very bad!
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC a sad and pathetic show are way down. If they fired racist moron @Toure a truly stupid guy they live!
"@RonHromadka: @realDonaldTrump talk shows are stale! But a daily look at the inside wheeling and dealing of the Trump Org. Exciting!
"@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump A talk show is a great idea. Please make the time sir. The country needs you now more than ever."
"@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump A talk show would be the perfect arena for you Mr. Trump. Ratings would soar through the roof!" But no time!
"@cbs397: @realDonaldTrump You should have your own talk show."  Networks and many have asked but I don't have the time. Thanks!
"@GoCubbies22: @realDonaldTrump Bought a poster frame from my Wal-Mart store today and the sample picture was Trump Tower in Chicago. Great
"@ZachHeatherly: Could be argued that @realDonaldTrump may or may not be a horrible person but his twitter is the best! Thank you Donald."
"@Fartlesburg: @realDonaldTrump Do you ever get sad?"  I don't have the time!
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!
"@ChrisFornari: @realDonaldTrump @CNBC #trumptuesdays were the best! This country needs you to speak up for what is going right and wrong!
People are really liking the new ties and shirts @Macy's-they are amazing and selling great!
"@jasonsweis: @realDonaldTrump agreed we need our troops on the streets of Chicago not in Syria"
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
@icer100                     "@realDonaldTrump @icer100 Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more!" Interesting!
The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.
The United States needs to fix its own problems of which there are many first!
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia) as they say in the movies SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
I wonder what the great generals like Patton the big M or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?
@walaa_3ssaf   No dopey I would not go into Syria but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools.
"@JanusDcjavu: @realDonaldTrump the one who talks much does nothing" Except make 10 billion dollars - go get a job dumbass!
"@voicelikeariot_: @realDonaldTrump "@washingtonpost: Why Obama is giving up the element of surprise in Syria" Perhaps because he is stupid?
That said the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military.
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory.
"@LeavesOfGrass_: @realDonaldTrump Actually I think it was factual and right on the mark. You are a vulture sir nothing more."  Thank you!
"@bx_bobby: @realDonaldTrump what was racist about that story?"  The story wasn't racist just inaccurate and wrong. Bryant is dumb &amp; racist
"@ZacKing30: @realDonaldTrump is officially the person I look up to! #billionaire #hero" Thanks.
@ThulisaKanzi Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.
"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.” -   Gen. Douglas MacArthur
“You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Congratulations to @marklevinshow on ‘The Liberty Amendments’ debuting at #1 on the NY Times’ bestseller list. Must read!
Young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
@Ginny14974                 "@realDonaldTrump  the Arab league should be taking care of this not us."  100% correct
@kimguilfoyle   Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!
As I predicted long ago the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
"@frankmorano: I think @realDonaldTrump's book "The America We Deserve" deserves a read. Written in 2000 very prescient!
"@SeanMichaelMc: @realDonaldTrump in Chicago for the first time your building is amazing from the outside (cool color) to the inside."
"@curryslap: Hey @realDonaldTrump .. your getting bashed by @TheRevAl about the lawsuit! RevAl is just conning his way through life!
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the “case is weak" and more.  Meets with Obama &amp; then files one day later.
@d_murphy13                   "@realDonaldTrump purely a political move if he met w/ObamaMr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!"
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
Why isn’t AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?”
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY.
"@Sammycarguru: @realDonaldTrump Since the Art of the Deal you have been an inspiration to me!"  Thanks.
"@JPM17: @realDonaldTrump @TomNocera I've taken a few of the classes on line. Thought they were very good".
"@HughPhartud: Schneidean is in trouble. History shows that @realDonaldTrump will publicly lambaste this guy to the point of surrender.
"@SusanSkeldon: @realDonaldTrump I wish there were more people in the world like you. Thanks for all you do. Your an awesome person." Thanks
After years of long stops then starts why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. "this case is going awaywe have no case
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman who has been a total failure in office failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses
"@JoeSantos5150: @realDonaldTrump Wipe the floor with him Mr Trump !"
"@MattEChase: @realDonaldTrump extortion was the first thing that came to mind when i saw the report for the lawsuit. You can sue!
@NickFaldo006   Sir Nick is not only a great player he is a great guy -and by the way doing a fantastic job for CBS!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
"@MistRusso: @realDonaldTrump those are the ppl that can't handle the truth. Great job at forcing his hand like only The Trump can do!!!"
"@mchikkis: Had an amazing stay at the Trump in Chicago this past weekend Thanks @realDonaldTrump 👌
Anyway I’m all about jobs &amp; the economy &amp; making America great again. We’re falling fast!
People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate which in a recent book he “miraculously” found.
With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 @ 12:01 AM
If Stop &amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians increases in crime &amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.
Re Miss Universe Pageant we’ve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked “please don’t leave it would send the wrong signal.”
"@AdamMKE: @realDonaldTrump my 1st book report in 5th grade was on "The Art of the Deal" ~1988.  Great Adam and you hit big!
"@RichKowalski31: @realDonaldTrump what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate?"ENERGY!
"@TarekR: @realDonaldTrump What do you think should be done about Gun Control in the US?"All good folks that have a gun should control it!
"@aak1993: @realDonaldTrump what do u think about the new news Competitor Aljazeera America"  I don't!
“Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – The Art of The Deal
With Democrats Spitzer Danger-Weiner &amp; Filner which party really has the war on women?
It’s Wednesday.  How many times will A-Rod sue the @Yankees today?  A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
@jwhitlinger_GMP             "@realDonaldTrump @reklaw78 ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel?" He is a very stupid &amp; arrogant dope!
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
The hatchet job in @NYMag about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @FoxNews
"@JoeBloww79: @realDonaldTrump is able to see through all the garbage in our society. Wish more had the ability."
"@jfolds: @realDonaldTrump Bryant is the wanna be Greg Gumbel lol keep up the great tweets Trump!"  Greg is far more talented than Bryant.
"@MattJerichoY2J: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on becoming a @WWE #HOF. It can be argued that you are the reason Wreslemania was so Succesful"
"@pellscuse11: @realDonaldTrump Who plays more golf yourself or the President? My money is on POTUS."  You win!
"@JohnSim96499126: @realDonaldTrump Damn Bryant Gumbal is So Not Relevant on the scale of ANYTHING..."  So true!
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
"@Jfedkiw: @realDonaldTrump I wonder where al Sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in Duncan Oklahoma.Where is the anger?
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
With @stuartpstevens expected to represent @GovChristie in the Presidential race Chris will have a very hard time winning.
.@MattBevin: As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector if you lie on your resume You’re Fired!
.@NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
"@AmbeyLambey: I love when @realDonaldTrump tells everyone the truth about America. #RunForPresident"
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS
"@RayHeard: @realDonaldTrump @bat211 @capetown58 Meanwhile he's on the golf course as Egypt Syria Iraq burn.What else is new?"
"@GlennInvestor: @realDonaldTrump - It's not a great country now?" No we are a laughing stock all over the World-but we can come back big!
"@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State.."  ---And what a great country it would be!
"@NathanAmato: @realDonaldTrump @MichaelPampena DJT preserved the American dream after defeating president Chelseas mother Hillary in 2016"
"@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State.."   And our Country would be great.again! Thanks.
"@MichaelPampena: @realDonaldTrump what's the J. stand for?"  John.
"@Newsoffamous_: According to @realDonaldTrump &amp; the people at "Ms Universe Pageant" they never asked @BravoAndy to host this years pageant"
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” – Dale Carnegie
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
@RobertUndefined  Work hard study read 'The Art of the Deal' and  "Midas Touch"
"@Sjblueyes: @realDonaldTrump you've got the vote of most Americans who want to see our great country re-stored to be the greatest country!
"@phattim26: @realDonaldTrump we need a true leader to guide this great nation. Will you please answer the call? You have my vote" Thank you
"@vin609: @realDonaldTrump Sad Day for Atlantic city was the day you packed it in. The town jumped when you were there. Major loss."
"@mmanoff: @realDonaldTrump What can I do to help Donald J. Trump get elected to be President of the USA?" Just sit tight-thanks!
"@stantheman74: @realDonaldTrump mr. Trump sir; you are a living legend and a living role model please keep the amazing work up."So nice!
“Good communicators control space.” – Roger Ailes ‘You Are The Message’@FoxNews
Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom Obama’s job record would go from bad to worse!
Mark Levin's @marklevinshow 'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic" is a truly great &amp; important book.
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
@CarlCICahn   Carl keep lt going I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)
@PeteRose_14   Once again it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!
"@nicla_b: @realDonaldTrump Pls help highlight and RT Protect Blackdog: Welcome to the Protect Blackdog Blog!
"@carlotalorenabr: The fact that @realDonaldTrump is considering a presidential run makes me so excited"
"@Chad_Williams91: @realDonaldTrump if you're president  I'll move to the states tomorrow ! #Trump #world_leader #you #are #hired"  Thanks!
"@MysticWolf12001: @realDonaldTrump C'mon you KNOW you're the only one capable of beating Clinton"
"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @Vinny_Titone I think he'll lead the polls like last time- it will be a healthy victory for Trump"
"@AleRdzCuevas: @realDonaldTrump you should be the President of MY country Mexico."  I better learn Spanish very fast!
Obama has exempted businesses his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare.  Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner @TWC. Why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts?
The Patch a total loser for @AOL will be a good deal compared to @HuffingtonPost. @ariannahuff laughs at “stupid” Armstrong!
Still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile.  Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
@FlyinOSUBuckeye @comfynumb2012 @ForQ2 So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl Warren etc.
"@TheRealBlakeHo: Donald Trump is a boss. Always Trumpin' people...and Trumpin' the competition. Love it. #CEO"
"@sayylalalaselah: #confessionnight I want to one day slap Donald trump in the face"  BUT REMEMBER DUMMY HE HITS BACK REALLY HARD!
"@samvuko: Mac Miller has one good song &amp; its "Donald Trump" &amp; its really just the beat that's cool."  AND THE NAME!
"@CatsPolitics: Some of us never stopped ignoring him. RT @Slate:  ONLY THE REALLY SMART ONE'S NEVER STOPPED.!
"@rmt834: @realDonaldTrump America needs a businessman to run the countrynot a politician with zero business acumen."
"@ZDavi14: @realDonaldTrump is too smart. He's the real deal. #RoleModel. Love ya man!"  You sound great!
"@LordKaa213: @realDonaldTrump I dont know how you do it. Getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit. You are special"
"@ForeverMcIn: @realDonaldTrump Will I have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016? #votetrump"  We will see thanks!
"@k_monchk: #Obama!! Is gonna knock @realDonaldTrump to the ground on a debate."  He woild.have no chance -lets go!
"@DrVinayChopra: @realDonaldTrump I want to learn golf from the best. Can you teach me? :) I heard you are an amazing golfer!"  TRUE!
Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of @ariannahuff get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?
The failing @HuffingtonPost and dopey @ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!  BE CAREFUL.
@sonnset2  He knows the best place!
"Make your life as groundbreaking as possible while also minding the tides and riptides around you." - Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to @JasonDufner on winning the PGA championship. Great job!
"@duqVille: hey @realDonaldTrump i walked into the lobby of trump soho. by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc."  Thanks!
"@LinFlies: @realDonaldTrump @KevinMartinRI We need you in the White House Trump!"  Thank you!
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How    .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?
"@cobra4748: @realDonaldTrump You are the only candidate ! We need someone like you who wants nothing but to save our country and make great
"@DTomback: @realDonaldTrump : Great job on this week! Way to stick it to the liberal media."
"@Omaha_Tiger: @realDonaldTrump just saw you on @ThisWeekABC - absolutely awesome. Thanks for giving me hope in the US."
"@DEN_RG: Where's @realDonaldTrump this Saturday morning? Twitter not as much fun without The Donald!"  I agree 100% - and thanks!
First Minister @AlexSalmond will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
If the gov't shuts down it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.
FACT – the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
Re: hiring contractors remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp; they may not be reliable.
In the latest poll Danger-Weiner’s numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd—one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that I’m doing @ThisWeekABC.
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or simply leadership! Cajole.
"@big1john: @realDonaldTrump wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in mid-flight during the next decade.
"@JTFoxx: @alex_leventis @realDonaldTrump in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is Donald Trump. He leads by example!" I am the BESTthx
"@kyleraccio: Windfarms are destroying the environment and bird wildlife. May not be politically correct but it's the truth.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.That’s the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch
“It’s a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.” – Think Like a Champion
"@McLeanGolf: Drove around the new "Blue Monster" again tonight. Saving photos. What Donald Trump has done here will shock golf world!
"Patience is the greatest of all virtues." -- Cato
“Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.” - W. Clement Stone
The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.
"@ilerios97: @realDonaldTrump SIXTEEN is amazing!!!! The best dinner I've ever had in my life!!!"  Thanksbest in Chicago!
"@Lisa_goforth: @realDonaldTrump. Love Chicago trump hotel. Beautiful. Raises the bar for other hotels."
"@alexsiminoff: @realDonaldTrump is my model. I have been looking up to him for the longest time."  Thanks!
"@MikeT_CT: Goddammit. I agree with Trump. MT "@realDonaldTrump: A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete Rode into The Hall!
Let @PeteRose in the HOF - it's time!
@DianeJackson9 If you love what you're doing the energy and passion will be there. It's the best way to succeed.
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."Albert Einstein
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time."Thomas A. Edison
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
"@maggie101956: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for POTUS...Just saw you on Greta's show...you give me hope for the future...God Bless!!!"
"@Desiree_Barela: "You're making deals with non-deal-makers." @realDonaldTrump on the U.S. government."  And that is a real problem!
"@MikeLaJnyc: @realDonaldTrump spent the night at The Trump Taj Mahal in AC. Had a great time!!!!! Great staff!"
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
@DianeJackson9 Look at the solution not the problem--and never give up.
@FredrikEklundNY               "Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the assignment!!!!! ❤"  Great job Fredrik!
@tamilasami  The key word is "yet." Keep at it never give up.
@Ronturner10 Pursue it starting today. "Action  is the foundational key to all success."Pablo  Picasso
"@tomuchpolitics: @realDonaldTrump I would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question?"  With a little good guidance great!
@jeffgonyea The Art of the Deal.
"@liamvanvorhis: @realDonaldTrump @uglytunaosu is raising money for cancer the whole month of August. In two days we have raised $1500.
"@daveperry71: My big job interview for my promotion is Wednesday and I'm going to channel @realDonaldTrump to win the job! Go get it!
"@lauren_boals: Sipping on some Starbucks in the Trump Towers my first day in NYC. Very impressive and inspirational #amazing!
"@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump I think I'm anticipating the next season of Celebrity Apprentice more than the start of football season."
“History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens you can never regain their respect and their esteem."  Abraham Lincoln
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined."- Henry David Thoreau
"@pattygras: @realDonaldTrump staying at the Trump in Chicago. Well done sir. This place is amazing #Chicago #Trump"
"@hattakzots: @realDonaldTrump you're one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation! AMERICA NEEDS A CLEAN UP!"
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
"@bobbassman: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyolgin like when Bush killed all those kids in Iraq when he invaded the wrong country?" Really bad war
"@ctormes: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyolgin Do you think there's any chance of changing the course we're on?" Yes but we must move quickly!
"@Patrick_Gibson: @realDonaldTrump country shouldn't be capitalized there Donald."  I always cap when talking about the USA (only)!
"@mhrynuik: @ashleymchandler - so cool that @realDonaldTrump and @JoelOsteen are twitter friends!!"  -And REAL friends Joel is the BEST!
"@healthy47: @realDonaldTrump @shelleysherwin Trump Soho is the best hotel."  Thanks.
Chris @hardball_chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows.  He is single-handedly destroying the entire @msnbc channel.
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai.  Will be spectacular.
“What the mind can conceive and believe and the heart desire you can achieve.” -  Norman Vincent Peale
When I jokingly said "bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple" because Apple has not been doing well the haters &amp; losers had a field day!  Sad.
"@ShellySrt0527: @realDonaldTrump what will it take to bring back the made in the USA label?"  Great leadership!
"@TullThomas: @realDonaldTrump Trump Soho the best looking building in the country. No other building in the world looks like it." Thanks!
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
Just like @Yankee organization I can’t wait for @MLB to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport.
@Wsutt                "@realDonaldTrump Are you redoing the Red Course @ Doral too?"  Yes.
@sharonk720            "@realDonaldTrump appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u."  My honor.
Congratulations to @DianeSawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
@JUrciuoli19 Justin it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great!
"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement." - Henry Ford
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
The Golden Rule of Negotiating:  He who has the gold makes the rules.
Negotiation tip: Be reasonable &amp; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.
@tuserious854 The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation.
"@ThomRipley: I got some @realDonaldTrump ties. The quality is unparalleled at that price point."
@JaminCoolJ                  "@realDonaldTrump Donald out of all the resorts you own which do you consider the best?" I'd better not say!
I'm at Trump National DC @TrumpGolfDC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! @ThePGAofAmerica.
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing you'll be a success." - A. Schweitzer
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
"@BBKdayspa: @realDonaldTrump: I'm busy reading 'The Midas Touch' and its so inspiring! Thank you Donald Trump and Robert Kiyosaki."
@ThejustinMiami The Art of the Deal!
"@lazyj70: @realDonaldTrump @Maathewdavis beating China and I'd just like to see someone that's in it for the good of the USA.  Great!
"@kathykphillips: @realDonaldTrump ...It's Sunday night and I'm missing Celebrity Apprentice in a bad way! We start shooting in the Spring!
"@sammy_abdel: @realDonaldTrump too wanna hear the truth? Listen to Donald trump it's that simple"
"@sammy_abdel: @realDonaldTrump Donald speaks the truth but I guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys!"
"@MS_Landshark: @realDonaldTrump @AMuller65 No I can't say I see it I don't see the U.S as a major player ever again. Thanks to Obama"Wrong
"@MarkAGiarrusso: @realDonaldTrump @kmcs1957 You will get support but you have to be serious about it and you have to stay in the race."
"@Meaghan08: @realDonaldTrump Ate the best steak of my life at your Trump Hotel in Waikiki Hawaii. Tremendous service and menu! Mahalo!"
"@AllenWronowski: @suzywhaley @ThePGAofAmerica @realDonaldTrump For the week # for Junior PGA Championship is #2103JuniorPGA at Trump DC
"@kellypennett: “@jessrogo: The only reason I came to DC for my sister's golf tournament is to see Donald Trump speak at the dinner” Thanks!
"@bobBhewitt: @realDonaldTrump Derek Jeter what a return! He is the anti A-Rod great leader. Have you met him?" He is a Great guy!
"@AMuller65: @realDonaldTrump Do you ever see the USA once again becoming a Manufacturing power?Only with new &amp; capable leadership.
"@DuncanHughes62: @realDonaldTrump the real Q is how does the NSA justify using contractors whom have access to such sensitive data? So true
The U.S. is now "begging" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
"@CBrock14: @realDonaldTrump what do you think the best major to study in college is?" Follow your dreams-study what you love!
"@lindapct: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump can our country make it through 3 more years of this idiot in the WH?"  Will not be easy!
Druggie @AROD is now scheming to sue the @Yankees. He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.
"@CBass7: @realDonaldTrump you are truly a man that anyone can look up to. I have the utmost respect for you a true and honest man. I try!
"@GLOBOGUS: @realDonaldTrump You are my biggest inspiration! All the way in Australia but I know you are a great American god bless" Thanks!
"@Gary_J_S: @realDonaldTrump Do you think the rest of the country will eventually look like Detroit?  With bad leadership it could happen!
"@StoraxBobac: @realDonaldTrump Remember when you were in the music video "On Our Own" from #Ghostbusters II? That was awesome."  Yes!
"@Luke_Enns: "@realDonaldTrump: “Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.”- John Wayne" Cant argue with the Duke."
"@D_Harris24: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to visit this location one day! Keep up the great work Mr. Trump!"  Thanks!
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!
"@shelby_morgan12: I feel like @realDonaldTrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
Getting ready to leave @TrumpDoral and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable!
In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of @TrumpDoral’s $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort.
@purplerapezebra                    "@realDonaldTrump also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days." And I have stock
@cccabrera10                       "@realDonaldTrump reading The Midas Touch now what an amazing source of good information."  Thanks.
"@shelby_morgan12: I feel like @realDonaldTrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
"@quinton_west: @amyjwood that's because @realDonaldTrump IS THE MAN."  Thanks!
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!
"@alanzaniewski: @realDonaldTrump this is the best vine ever!!! @anthonyweiner"  Thank you-another daily change to technology!
For the sake of New York City all recent sexting victims of Anthony ‘Carlos Danger’ Weiner should come forward.
@prisih91               "In love with The best book that i ever read ! @realDonaldTrump "why we want you to be rich" and Robert kiyosaki"
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
".@Ynberg: Long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black @realDonaldTrump 4real".Great Dean and you will make it!
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee I wonder why?
"@harkiret: @realDonaldTrump I think you would make a great president of the United States because you are an amazing leader" Thank you!
"@AdrianDemers: @realDonaldTrump if you were the President how long would it take for you to erase the U.S. Debt Deficit?"  Not very long!
"@therickyjones: @realDonaldTrump do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things?"  Absolutely!
"@3valuedlogic: @realDonaldTrump the Wall Street Journal believes that China will over take the US in built assets by next year. Question.
Vattenfall the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen Scotland just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move
"@AJZnidarsic: @realDonaldTrump when will Charlotte see "Trump" as part of the skyline?"  Already have a great job there Trump National.
"@DStandridge92: @realDonaldTrump family is the US version of the Royal family!"   No but thank you so much!
"@HeyMACCC: I feel like the only people who hate @realDonaldTrump are people who can't handle the truth...he tells it how it is."
"@shaun_landi: @realDonaldTrump trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!!"  True!
"@Full76: @realDonaldTrump Wonderful job "On the Record"! I think you are tops!"
"@cphily4u: @realDonaldTrump ...you always speak the truth!!! #nobulldonald!!!!"
"@T_Craig44: "They don't have the incentive to move forward"-@realDonaldTrump literally hit the nail on the head about welfare. #amen"
"@DomenicGallina: @realDonaldTrump cant wait one of the best shows on tv"  It will be a great season with our best cast ever!
"@DomenicGallina: @realDonaldTrump any news on a new celebrity apprentice?"  Going forward as soon as I get the time to shoot!
"@Criss_Pena: @realDonaldTrump will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can't handle the truth!"  So true!
"@calebjofficial: @realDonaldTrump your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! I pray you run!"  Thanks we can all use the prayers
"@Azhar__Siddique: @realDonaldTrump How about the UK? Any expansion plans here? #thinkBig"  Yes big plans!
"@MattAstro: wish they'd name the royal baby after @realDonaldTrump"  Great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the World!
"@paul4prolife: @realdonaldtrump Gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance" Thank you!
"@FollowHeidi: @realDonaldTrump every major city in the world has one of your buildings correct? The more I travel the more I see..."
"@jshamie: @realDonaldTrump Can I get a RT for the Hatzahlah Charity Golf Outing tomorrow at Trump National Colts Neck?"
"@MexicoIndie: @realDonaldTrump if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say everything would be better"
"@VOIPDATA: How about Eliot Spitzer? Will you say the same ? "@realDonaldTrump: On Anthony Wiener I TOLD YOU SO!"" Eliot is also sick!
"@JosephMouser: @realDonaldTrump get it right its carlos danger" Even the last name Wiener uses is sick!
"@A_manAdrian: @realDonaldTrump Best Twitter Follow! Commentary logical &amp; to the point !"  Thanks!
I will be on ON THE RECORD @gretawire tonight at 10 pm
@jeffldye                    "@realDonaldTrump Visually the best golf course I have ever played! Trump international Golf Links." Thanks.
@sepamu @rainnwilson Citizen Kane Gone with the Wind The Good the Bad and the Ugly etc.
.@AROD is back on the DL.  The coming suspension will be announced soon by @MLB.
This is the summer of box office bombs.  Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible.
If you've got some problems today that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
"@ourjuicejourney: @realDonaldTrump plz run for prez!!! You would win!!!"  Thanks for the confidence!
"@1_Car_Guy: @realDonaldTrump Uhm weren't you one of the voices supporting Bush's invasion of Iraq?"  No
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their "freedom". Our leaders are so stupid!
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year they scoffed
"@Freeman_Gadsden: @realDonaldTrump @QQueenLLouise anytime the Donald is on is the best time for television"  Thanks.
"@Christineinsatx: @realDonaldTrump Morning Donald from Texas The Longhorn State. God Bless You."  Texas is GREAT!
"@QQueenLLouise: @realDonaldTrump They put U on SO EARLY! Shows disrespect!"  No 7.00 is the best time for morning television.
"@MikePicardi101: @realDonaldTrump I won't wear anything else! You have to look successful to be successful! Thanks for the awesome line!"
"@Sofia_Mozek: Why @realDonaldTrump isn't sitting in the Oval Office now is a mystery to me."
"@EricaBigelow: I'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and I really hope that @realDonaldTrump is on the ballot.
"@MissUniversNEWS: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE YOU"  Thanks and keep up the great work-on to Moscow.
Also The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!
The ties shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!
"@JosiahJames17: Need more people like @realDonaldTrump in this country who get the job done and don't sugar coat things."
"@james0479: @realDonaldTrump Gotta say #Apprentice is the only reality show I never miss! Consistently flawless programming"  Thanks.
"@TheAhmadHassan: @realDonaldTrump Sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring I love them"  Thank you!
Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.  ObamaCare will slow us down even more.  Has to be repealed.
Some good news for New York – Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp; that is before more of the pervert’s old texts are released.
@elbatata_ok The Art of the Deal is a good introduction.
For the disciples of global warming in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!
“One thing I’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story the more sensational the better.” - Art of the Deal
@thompson_dustin The Art of the Deal.
“The most important political office is that of the private citizen.” - Justice Louis D. Brandeis
The Fed’s pumping is great news in the short term but it can’t last forever.  Be prudent in your market investing.
Congratulations to @KingJames on winning Athlete of the Year in last night’s @ESPYS. LeBron is also a great guy!
Go to @Macys now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties shirts and suits.
Why is the @GOP congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
"@rhino848484: @realDonaldTrump how do you feel about the Rolling Stone Cover hitting stores this weekend?"  Boycott &amp; cancel subscriptions.
"@DeborahNorville: It is sooo hot in New York today. Just walked past Trump Tower where the door was open. Tnx @realDonaldTrump" Thank you D
"@DillsMama13: @realDonaldTrump What is your feeling about Rolling Stone magazine putting the bomber on the front cover? Boycott!
"@cameroon1974: @realDonaldTrump so excited to see the Trump brand coming to vancouverCanada!! Gonna be awesome for our city!! Huge Welcome
"@VINnipuncture: @realDonaldTrump I hope you will include @MariaSharapova as one of the judges for the upcoming Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow
The Zimmerman trial is over.  It is time to move on.  While Zimmerman is no angel he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
The 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.  Airing from Crocus City Hall on @nbc!
.@jacknicklaus has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
@PRGirl817                 "Way to go @realDonaldTrump for the big donation to the #VAuction"  Thanks.
@koneslager         "@realDonaldTrump - just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book" Thx.
@dolla1125 It's the sense of achievement along the way.
@Terrell87               "@realDonaldTrump I read your book: "Trump 101 The Way to Success" and I absolutely love it." Thanks good luck!
"Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have."  Dale Carnegie
"@J4K9FLATLEY: @realDonaldTrump can I get a Happy 21st birthday wish from you? Huge fan of you and the Apprentice"
"@aerith1: .@piersmorgan .@realDonaldTrump I will be watching .@Lord_Sugar tomorrow. Tell him to keep the money coming my way!
"@DatDudeHead: @realDonaldTrump mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen. #trump2016"  True.
"@Beagle5iver: @realDonaldTrump every played Muirfield?and who's your pick for the Open?"Tiger Phil Ernie or Justin Rose.
"@chillychillman: @kieronfowler @realDonaldTrump the man is a legend" Very nice!
"@yet_another_day: @realDonaldTrump now after that home run derby performance... Who's your pick to win the all star game tonight?" American
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls.  A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.  Why would Russia grant it?  Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
.@ArceePalabrica @realDonaldTrump "Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge"
“Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -Think Big
“A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.” – Midas Touch
"@JakeNGarman: @realDonaldTrump Your buildings were used in Tower Heist &amp; The Dark Knight Rises are they in any other movies?"  Many!
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
“Learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion
Now A-Rod doesn’t even show up to his single-A rehab games.  Maybe the @Yankees will get lucky and @MLB will suspend A-Rod.
All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again.
"@lorraine0914: @realDonaldTrump the people that don' t like you just wish they were you! I adore you and your beautiful family!"  Thanks L.
"@desktodesk7: @realDonaldTrump I'm hoping the history books read "Donald Trump led America out of it's darkest times". Wow very nice!
"@alyona_polishuk: @realDonaldTrump @JamesMattiske Brilliant answer! I think it's the best tweet I have ever read."
"@7girl2boyPerez: @realDonaldTrump Ross Perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls Mr Trump."
"@sammydc8: @realDonaldTrump The Donald... do you sleep?? Sincerely. ..Oklahoma"  Not much.
"@ShawnWHughes: @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama has turned the USA into a laughing stock around the world."
"@pblomgren: @realDonaldTrump It's late EST. Having a hard time sleeping? Ur Zimmerman comment was the most intelligent I've seen yet"
"@JamesMattiske: @realDonaldTrump the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like you"  The haters are losers with no guts!
"@Eian_Bell: @realDonaldTrump i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman case"  Thank you for being so nice!
"@KindofABD: Who would have guessed that @realDonaldTrump would be the smartest person on my news feed right now" I was always the smartest!
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense especially in Florida law gave the jury little other choice
"@DJ_DFunk: Can't wait to hear @realDonaldTrump speak at the PGA Jr. Championship in a couple weeks at his course in Washington DC!  Great.
"@ThatBoyFlyy: @realDonaldTrump 1 of the smartest people ever..business ICON"  Thanks.
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
"@ComptonTyrone: “@realDonaldTrump: I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th
"@cakeladyconnie: @realDonaldTrump I bet the Russian leaders wouldn't taunt you...just sayin'"  They would not!
"@billy_douglas: @realDonaldTrump would the US hand a russian over in similar circumstances?"  With ease and get nothing for it!
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
"@rsims16: @realDonaldTrump you give me great motivation Mr Trump! You have done amazing things over the years! Now I'm on my way to the top
"@StanMorris: @realDonaldTrump Your books especially The Art of the Deal are masterpieces in business literature. I'm a fan sir. Thanks.
"@UmerRizwan2: @realDonaldTrump Can i get a hello for all the Canadians down in Ottawa Ontario ?"  Hello Umer you sound like a great guy!
"@MrPerfect4: @realDonaldTrump how come u only reply to compliments?"  Because I like nice people far better than the losers and haters.
"@Adw5Weber: @realDonaldTrump thanks for the books you've written inspires me to take some risks and think big!!"  Great.
"@jannyp70: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show. Ur name Isn't on the credits!" Just profits
"@UltimateFrieza: @realDonaldTrump UK's apprentice is so below par. Sugar is boring to watch. Watch the US version for the real deal.TRUMP!"
"@phoneman98: @realDonaldTrump It's time for your @WWE return!!! When will you make it happen?"  Ask Vince we have the all time record!
"@tcasson21: @realDonaldTrump craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day? what is your opinion of him?"  Who is Craig Ferguson?
"@Robert_MacRae: Next time your in Scotland can we go knock down some windmills ? @realDonaldTrump"  and save the birds!
"@THE_OBM: @realDonaldTrump Managed to play some rounds at your course in Scotland. Possibly the best course I've played. Great job Don."
"@BG9half: @realDonaldTrump @TheScotsman Played the course in May and it's the best course I've played on. Incredible and an absolute joy."
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” - Pablo Picasso
“Real estate is at the core of almost every business and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.” – Think Like a Billionaire
"@mballance: The best birthday present would be a RT from the @realDonaldTrump 2016"
"@MelindaCWright: @realDonaldTrump gotta love The Donald"  Thank you Melinda!
"@nikkio: @realDonaldTrump Spitzer thinks since Wiener did it - so can he. I hope the good citizens of NYC show both the door.
"@drewgoo07: @realDonaldTrump has the realest tweets out there. The man in a great American and if your not following him your missing out.
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.
Derek Jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true @Yankees captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesn’t he come home then?
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners who have suffered enough!
Interesting…the last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
"@Brewjo32: @realDonaldTrump reading The Art of the Deal again. Excellent revisit"  Great!
With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world.
"@888maggie888: @realDonaldTrump @FKTrey Reading The Donald Tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine. #Greatest"  Thanks M.
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
"@FKTrey: Putting on the @realDonaldTrump tie is an essential to my morning routine"   That's great!
"@JoeCodling: @realDonaldTrump your book's doing well in the UK mate."   Thanks.
"@Saskatweet: @realDonaldTrump How "on" do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane?"  Who cares they caused the crash!
"@MarcusMyers1: @realDonaldTrump @jenlloyd10 @saintnicoleross Mr Trump pilots fault or the airlines for lack of training ?  Probably both!
"@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump um... How the hell do YOU know???"  Because I'm very smart dummy!
"@c_c_saunders: @realDonaldTrump my dad played the new Scotland course today left me a vm "put the Trump course on your list must play.""
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash but why aren't they testing - who knows?
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing RIDICULOUS!
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?  WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really "off".
It’s Tuesday.  How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?
“You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.” – The Art of The Deal
@RickHasAMartini   You said you are "tired" - say the rest that you're lazy and dumb!
"@Sebastien_LA: I aspire to be like @realDonaldTrump The man is a genius."  True but thanks!
"@michael_adair: @realDonaldTrump the course is magnificent DT ! You can't stop progress!!"
"@JasonMorgan066: @realDonaldTrump I'm staying at the Trump hotel in Vegas this week. Let me just say it is amazing! I love it!"  Thanks!
"@cougar_ku: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president Mr. Trump! The phonies will run the other way!"  Interesting!
"@cowpokes6369: @realDonaldTrump any word on if Celeb Apprentice is coming back for 7th season? Please give us the good news."   YES!
"The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Pres. Lincoln
@lexgates We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.
@BrandIdeator The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
"@hussienskaiky: @realDonaldTrump @Drake4444444 Trump Chicago New York Miami Vegas and the list goes on and on"  Thanks!
"@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump why don't you invest in the USA since you're the greatest Patriot?"  I do big league!
"@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump thank you for your investment in the UK Mr trump"  Thank you!
"@johnnyboob2: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track?"  False hope.
Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!
"@nicko7785: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo Amazing time in NYC best city in the world with the best hotel! U made our trip!.. Great.
"@therealmlw: @realDonaldTrump you are such a role model for me! You're the best Mr. Trump. Thank you!
"@concal: @realDonaldTrump up before 7 on a Saturday. That's why you're a winner."  Thanks but.much more because of the.brain!
"@Eamyoncanoe: @realDonaldTrump Monnin was given an opportunity I'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot! True.
"@jm_fig: @realDonaldTrump any prediction if the NYY will be in 1st again?"  No they will not!
"@Desperatedan17: @realDonaldTrump @Evan_Olson did u hear about the white throated pintails demise at the hands of the wind turbine?  Yes
"@iNathanMcKnight: @realDonaldTrump Was his decision influenced by the No State Tax in Texas?"  Didn't hurt!
"@JZXtreme: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump the only man that can be President and make this Country turn a profit for once. Go Trump!
"@GZervs: @realDonaldTrump why would Howard ever want to play for the loser owner Cuban ?"  I guess he didn't!
"@FauxAndyLuck: .@realDonaldTrump literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started."  Wrong!
"@m_i_c_h_a_e_l_m: @realDonaldTrump you are a very handsome man"   I know but the haters and losers never give me credit for that! Too bad.
"@Lillyzart: @realDonaldTrump @ctobin22 Mr Donald Trump is one of the most intelligent business men alive.  Thank you!
"@Trapp_Era: A bottle of wine reading @realDonaldTrump :Art of the Deal jamming Jay Z ....Perfect night!"  Very cute!
"@ZacharyZermay: @realDonaldTrump I just find it hilarious how you screwed Gaddafi."  Too bad our Country can't do the same!
The "Arab Spring" is not working out so well-nice name bad results!
"@TunisieAffaires: Honestly ---&gt; @realDonaldTrump is a model to follow when it comes to the business world"  Thank you!
"@KrisztinaO: @realDonaldTrump where we going???"  If our leaders don't get nuclear weapons under control the sharks won't have us to eat!
Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!
"@BENBRICE7: @realDonaldTrump how's progress on the Scottish golf course coming along? #interested"  Finished and great.
"@josephmcasey: Why would @HISTORY ever choose @realDonaldTrump to discuss the industrial revolution. #facepalm"  Because they are smart!
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
Wow Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!
"@kennymacaskill1: @realDonaldTrump my lives less than a mile don't the road he and all of balmedie are big fans #fact2 #kingtrump" Thanks.
"@pskibbe: @realDonaldTrump Saw editorial on TV. Forcing whites out of their properties &amp; throwing them into the streets with nothing."
"@tbclem2: @realDonaldTrump where will Dwight Howard sign? Will he join your pal @mcuban"  The best fit for him would be Houston!
"@MaaattyB: @realDonaldTrump are you in Aberdeen just now? How is the course looking?"  Fantastic!
"@HawksFanDenver: @realDonaldTrump What is the best way to grow money when not starting with much?"  Marry a rich person!
@BornAgain8344   Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
"@Jeromeister: Really @realDonaldTrump are you sure "Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen". Just 97%.
"@Buhlebabe: RT @realDonaldTrump: "Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle!
"@kennethsmithmd: @realDonaldTrump I am a new independent business owner with ACN and just watched the interview with Darren Hardy...awesome
"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
.@Yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @AROD to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
"@carson_evans1: @realDonaldTrump You were right back in January when you said Boeing was the stock to buy..."  Thank you!
"@DurangoRick: @realDonaldTrump Thoughts on Obama pledging 7B US $$ "to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in Africa”??"   Crazy!
"@JenDeJournett: @realDonaldTrump true. Always watch the construction close...esp the change orders &amp; field slips. So true  I'm impressed!
"@dentstwitt: @EDM___HEAD @realDonaldTrump @EdandBev My question is did MLK Jr. use the 'N' word? No only Paula Dean used it!
"@davidrhythmguit: @realDonaldTrump @Chuffman48 Mark Cuban accepts the fact that the President of the United States was born here." Doubt it
"@NickFronduto: @realDonaldTrump We have our annual @WFFSA Conference at the Doral October 23-25...will courses be OK to go?  Yes
"@marc_soler1: @realDonaldTrump why you take so serious so many stupid tweets you are the Golden Boy of Real State all my respects."
"@EDM___HEAD: @realDonaldTrump @EdandBev lyin ass nigga"  Why does Paula D get destroyed and you can use the "N" word so freely asshole?
"@sweetsare: @realDonaldTrump Hope the renovation is going well."  Thanks when finished it will be the best in Country-and going well.
"@EdandBev: @realDonaldTrump when do you expect the course to be finished?"  November.
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction always watch the money!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego!
"@JUSTGRIND: @realDonaldTrump How do you feel that the central park 5 were innocent"  Innocent of what-how many people did they mugg?
"@RSmithMIA: @realDonaldTrump what's your favorite book?"  Trump The Art of the Deal.
I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a "wig". Some may not like my hairstyle but all mine
"@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump @sroyboyk prove it. And while you're at it prove your alleged IQ as well." The highest asshole!
"@catmos0: @realDonaldTrump You are a brilliant Business man! The US needs your skills to become great!! Trump for President."  Thank you!
"@995mu: @realDonaldTrump @DylanHEndlich Cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so. #Twitter"
"@stevebickerton2: @realDonaldTrump @RyanSeanHeron I know he supports others and he does not want or get in the news papers for it" Thanks.
"@RyanSeanHeron: @realDonaldTrump have you ever contributed anything positive to the world? Making yourself rich.  Created thousands of jobs
@spsmith78   So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?
"@blmeek: @realDonaldTrump you could have blown all the money or made it grow.....People are just jealous."  Totally true and thank you!
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
"@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump how do you find the time?" Not easy!
"@Jahbalon: I wouldn't mind @realDonaldTrump as President at all. Just the man we need to get this country going again.  Thank you!
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big
@MIbrunette  Our country needs the same fix-up.
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
.@tomhanks was fabulous in @LuckyGuyPlay last night—as was the entire cast.
China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
“Don’t be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.”  Think Like a Champion
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami @TrumpDoral’s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed will be elite!
@DanilluHermman   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!
"@cloverc8: @realDonaldTrump that's because you are THE DON... Nothing less than perfect"  Thanks-and your baby is beautiful!
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
@michael74085825   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)
"@CariRead08: @realDonaldTrump I look forward to your wise words every day. Nice to learn from one of the best." You are very smart!
@BlackFridayMGT You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett Kravis Icahn Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
"@steamjetboomer: @realDonaldTrump you gotta start blasting Weiner everyday til he loses!"  A total pervert Mayor in NYC would be the end!
"@sonaderi: @realDonaldTrump @coolchange80 And you're okay with the government spying on you?" Must have power to stop terrorists etc.
@micr0driguez   They gave up because the shirts ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @Macy's.
"@Jmano33: @realDonaldTrump you are without a doubt the coolest! Not many people stand up for themselves in today's world!!" Thank you.
"@CoolChange80: @realDonaldTrump Are you really calling for the execution of #Snowden ."  He is a traitor absolutely. Others won't follow!
"@Michelle823: @realDonaldTrump made in China! No way! Lead the manufacturing back to USA !" I am working hard to do so!
"@LindaSuhler: @GBrucato21 @ericbolling @realDonaldTrump Ah...I don't watch much popular TV. But I do like "The Donald." You're very smart!
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower Patrick Kane @88PKane for the #StanleyCup win &amp; winning MVP of series.
We need to worry about the American worker first!
"@rbdwalker: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Played Trump Golf Links Scotland last week - by far the best course in the world!! Thank you.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
"@jmuoio88: Pretty sure the reason @realDonaldTrump is so rich is because that guy never drank a drop of alcohol in his life" That helped!
"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." John F. Kennedy
The best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present.
Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!
"@Patti_Wavinak: @realDonaldTrump I do have to say I went to your timeline and saw you did NOT tweet that! Hope you catch the bastard!" DONE
My people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution not the problem.
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful Mister.
"@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump It continues to amaze me how losers just can't stand your success DJ. But success is the best revenge"
"@dst1015: @realDonaldTrump my friend and yours Mike San Filippo qualified for the US Sr Open. Mike is a great player-give him congrats!
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
.@Ed_Klein’s book ‘The Amateur’ is out in paper back.  Lots of insights.
"@_ScumPrincess: @realDonaldTrump is the best person I follow"
"@DocShanahan1: @realDonaldTrump would love to see you on shark tank.... great white vs hammerheads"  But The Apprentice is far better!
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club Trump National Doral are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
Watch the game-really good.
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so will he become my new best friend?
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
"@MissUSA2005: Love this pic of @missusa the beautiful Erin &amp; the one and only @realdonaldtrump. Amazing show. Great picture thanks.
Young entrepreneurs – never back down. Take the hits and get up.  That’s what makes a winner.
All I can say is that if I were President Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over
"@peaceloveandmeg: but when you're in a beauty contest ran by @realDonaldTrump  all the contestants are republican." Bad grammar (run).
"@marzanoj: @realDonaldTrump people think of u as a real estate king. Rightly so however u r the marketing king as well." Thank you.
Like it or not haters and losers everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
Congratulations to Connecticut’s Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 @MissUSA! America will be well-represented in @MissUniverse!
"@JustinRose99: Time to enjoy an amazing day!"   You were fantastic in winning the U.S. Open. Your father is looking down and proud of you!
"@mattseba: With the endless amount of ties I buy I can say the @realDonaldTrump collection is at the top of my list. #quality   Thanks.
"@aussiemika74: @realDonaldTrump Any plans to present in Sydney again? Missed the last one but heard great things about it"  YES
"@HuandaRulz: @realDonaldTrump Guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives."
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
"@hellocory: Oh my god the twitter fight between @dannyzuck and @realDonaldTrump"  There is no fight with @DannyZuker he is a nobody!
We should stay the hell out of Syria the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO
Happy Father's Day to all even the haters and losers!
"@Tommyguns11: @realDonaldTrump Obama arming Syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the US! What would YOU do?"  Stay out!
"@andrewtavani: .@billclinton &amp; @GovChristie 1st met at wedding of @realDonaldTrump when Christie was US attorney in the Bush admin."  TRUE
"Work often becomes problem solving.  Problems come with the territory and they should never surprise you." - Think Like a Champion
Still a great time to buy residential property.  The courts are holding up foreclosures.  Buy directly from the banks.
"@courtneyymorgan: Just saw the old post office in Washington DC that @realDonaldTrump is planning to turn into a hotel. It will be gorgeous
"@ilory: Whao! So good to know that I share the same birthday as my mentor @realDonaldTrump. Tomorrow's our Birthday!!!!!!" Happy birthday!
"@AZDaniel27: @realDonaldTrump. "The penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you" - Viscountess Astor (1879-1964)"
"@GysellAlmonte: I was checking upon @realdonaldtrump bio and turns out that tomorrow is his birthday! I admire the guy. Thank you!
"@LanaH11: @realDonaldTrump I've tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever! How can it win awards?"
@wfdelong   Now tell the truth.
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!
"@juliar1206: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for you too! I work for the welfare dept &amp; I've never seen so many people on it. It should not be.
Lightweight @DannyZuker is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
"@kevcur8: @realDonaldTrump ally my arse U exposed them years ago DT...time 4 U to get in the game...FOR REAL. You have backers...trust me."
"@Rich9ie8: @realDonaldTrump we need more great Americans like you to make this country strong"   Thanks for the nice words!
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
Why isn’t the @GOP congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
"Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul." - General Douglas MacArthur
"@BahuksanaMPH: @realDonaldTrump agreed he did the crime now he needs to do the time..face the music....Trump For President 2016"
.@DannyZuker Danny—Let your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.  Show courage!
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80’s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
Wow sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof far worse than anybody could have predicted!
"@WilsonLeeFlores: @realDonaldTrump @Chris_McNall is that hype or truly the world's best #golf course?" It is the World's best golf course!
"@Chris_McNall: @realdonaldtrump congratulations on building the "world's best golf course". Scotland makes us jealous!"  Thanks Chris.
"@Friend_Bus: @wgonet @realDonaldTrump ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs"  Thank you!
.@VattenfallGroup has topped Carbon Data’s rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EU’s emissions trading scheme.
“The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.” – Maimonides
Congrats to @BarbaraJWalters on winning  the @MadeinNY Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!
With so many scandals plaguing Obama it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.
Belated congratulations to @serenawilliams on winning the French Open. A great player &amp; person!
Great going to Bob Kraft &amp; Bill Belichick of the @Patriots on @TimTebow.  Tim is a winner just like them!
"@AZDaniel27: @RealDonaldTrump. "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him" D Brinkley
"@Dardonyc16: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Hit 4 wood shots to get on that green. Stunning hole and best course in the world!
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
"@BeaumontAnthony: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump I agree thank Mr trump fantastic golf in the UK you have built"
"@deluxeboss: @realDonaldTrump @Bobbyukip Your investment in the UK is welcome. Thanks for being you."  Thank you!
I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing!
@ChrisSuprun @rjchoppy But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price.
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M $60M more than I paid. I love real estate.
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed @Yankees organization lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.
Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid even with the help of the union!
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
@go_onrob   The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice but it does pay me a lot of money.
"@Strange_Drugs: @realDonaldTrump when you die in 4 or 5 years the world will be a better place."  I know I will make it that way!
@dblsolo700  Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park?  Go check your facts.
"@dblsolo700: @zed_crtr @realDonaldTrump ASK HIM ABOUT #CP5 CENTRAL PARK 5"  Yea ask me about the muggers!
Likewise the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
When it comes to violent crime and if we are going to solve the problem we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
Sadly the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.
According to Bill O'Reilly 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
I will be going to Aberdeen Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference.
"@gohermie: @realDonaldTrump @usopengolf Thank you Mr. Trump I appreciate all of the support you have given me. I hope you can come watch."
@charleyUfarley   Innocent of what weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case!
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong who is being sued by everyone in the world &amp; Michael Douglas.
Does anyone else have two golf pros—John Nieporte &amp; Jim Herman—who qualified for the U.S. Open?  Could this be an all-time record?
Congratulations to Jim Herman my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! @usopengolf
Whitey Bulger’s prosecution starts today.  Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials.
Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open!  @usopengolf
"@RonWEmma: @realDonaldTrump played trump national Philadelphia yesterday. Great track. Challenging but fair. Keep up the awesome work!!"
"@TristenHeath: @realDonaldTrump what's the secret to all your success?"  Always need good and sound concepts and ideas-THEN NEVER GIVE UP!
26000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!
"@SirBraden: @realDonaldTrump would be the greatest president of all time"
"@KathyTh38140700: @realDonaldTrump @Nicole52008 I also think he has more concern and love for this country than the leaders we have now!"
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami Trump National Doral.
"@MandyGomez01: @realDonaldTrump Hi. please run for president and make the world a better place. Thanks."
@RealDonalDrumpf  Oh really weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous!
"@Nicole52008: @realDonaldTrump is the man! He shows you what can happen when you work hard. #livintheAMERICANdream"
"@murphy756: @realDonaldTrump I patiently await for Mr. Trump to throw the towel in the ring ! He will never be beaten by anyone !"
@rodmonium91 Say hi to your father--enjoy the tie.
@PartylikeRlove1 You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats!
"@ShaPaliath: Spent some time at Trump Hollywood this weekend. Absolutely stunning &amp; the staff were awesome Mr. @realDonaldTrump"  Thanks
"@ChadSheridan: Congrats to @realDonaldTrump for being voted 'Best Twitter Account to follow" by The Open Mick Podcast. #YouveMadeIt"
Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report.
Thank you to the Robb Report The Best of the Best issue for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World!
"@Jkoch19Koch: @realDonaldTrump Trump Chicago is the best hotel in the world. Sitting in Rebar with a fabulous view! #thankyou"
"@general_lauri: @realDonaldTrump The Donald is the only reason I tweet!"  Thanks lauri!
Today Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago.  The case is now officially over…
@alecmillionaire The architectural boat tour is great.
“Protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself." – The Art of the Deal
"@davenanni: Loving the Trump in LV. Service is great best room for the money!(500sq/ft great bath and shower tons of closet space).
"@TeamSowards: Just had lunch at the Trump Towers! Classy taste Mr. Trump! Even my son thought it was awesome!
"@MartyCPA: @gregshoes69 @realDonaldTrump 10% of the people pay 90% of this countries tax. What wealthy tax breaks."
"@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Maybe Shulman is having an affair with someone in the White House. He looks a little gay."
The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!
"@Itskailiebro: @realDonaldTrump is my role model he's always right."  No just most of the time!
.@VattenfallGroup will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides they smartly just left the project.
One of the many reasons that @VattenfallGroup dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problems
“The Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny." - @marklevinshow
@ChristianVaux True--I am the king of eradicating debt--it's easy!
"@SchmidtTona: @realDonaldTrump #Apprentice I can't wait either. LOve the show!"  Thanks.
"@jonathanarenas8: Mr @realDonaldTrump ignores Latinos can not be the # 1" Love Latinos just look at Trump National Doral in Miami.
"@CodyAlliecats: @realDonaldTrump hey Donald huge fan can't wait for another season of the apprentice"  Thanks.
"@charmed112586: @realDonaldTrump i live right near the hill school in pa and i heard that once in awhile you visit the school" Great school
.@TimTebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.  He deserves to be in the @nfl.
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
"@New0rleans_Lady: I pray he does well&amp; the 10 yr old girl on the list gets law changd &amp; gets her new lung as well.@realDonaldTrump
"@LungQuest: @fundanything @realDonaldTrump A donor was found! James goes into the OR tonight for his second double lung transplant! #hope"
"@BethAndersonEsq: I would love a tweet back from the uber-famous @realDonaldTrump! How do you do it all?"   I often ask myself that same Q!
@MatthewLumby @VattenfallGroup No the project sucks!
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting @FoxNews’ employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.
Additionally two executives @VattenfallGroup are under major investigation &amp; they are unable to get the many permits necessary.
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
"@infinitys_edge: @realDonaldTrump I'm in the Billion Dollar coalfields and thanks to Obama I can't even leave the house I'm so broke.
"@GangsterDannyG1: @realDonaldTrump What was Bush and Obama's biggest mistake."  The lives and $1.5 trillion spent on Iraq-which is failing.
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
"@Joe10Kendrew: @realDonaldTrump sort out so that The Apprentice USA is on BBC again so much better than Alan Sugar!
"@MichaelJHill: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump we are looking forward to the renaissance &amp; transformation of the Old Post Office in DC" GREAT
"@Wasted_Talent19: @realDonaldTrump congrats on winning the lawsuit in Chicago"   Thanks
"@josephkuye: @realDonaldTrump I genuinely believe that the American apprentice is better than the UK one...  Very true!
Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@California_Bloo: @NewsCorpse @realDonaldTrump &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; This is the same douche that said windmills were worse for birds than oil. MUCH WORSE!
"@UStechie: @realDonaldTrump What are you doing with Old Post Office in Washingtondc and when?  We are going to build the finest hotel in C!
"@c4662: @realDonaldTrump a plus for run at the presidency: can work w/unions. The American Spirit is down and out. Change is needed."
"@VineCulture: RT @realDonaldTrump: .@WineEnthusiast awarded Trump Vineyard’s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine V.
It's 46º (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called "scientists" that we want global warming right now!
"@ONTHEVIRG66: @realDonaldTrump your the greatest inspiration. Keep up the great work and thank you for all you do."   Thank you Virgil!
"@MJJustus1: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for the times you invited vets to Maralago. You didn't have to do that so thanks. It was my honor!
"@TheRC3: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to seeing more idiots blasted today. Keep exposing the fools! #TrumpUSA"
"@arnoldziffle2: @realDonaldTrump I say trump for president can I get a Hell Yes USA would be the greatest nation on the planet " AGAIIN "
"@ResatDorsia16: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president I will vote for the first time ever I would finally believe in someone"
"@sonaderi: @realDonaldTrump You are the sum of everything I despise."  Who cares!
"@thatBrody: @realDonaldTrump The @SternShow would never have @DannyZuker on. A.) Not funny enough. B.) Not famous enough. C) Hates losers.
"@Cristaly: @realDonaldTrump you're the worst person"  Thank you!
It's freezing outside where the hell is "global warming"??
"@billyharry1: @realDonaldTrump they do the same with @HowardStern. @DannyZuker can't carry Howard's jock!
"@MikeMcCabeSad: @realDonaldTrump @DannyZuker the fact that you keep tweeting at him is showing why you lost"  True Danny is a known loser!
@DannyZuker on your best day you can't come close to beating me I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss).
"@paulysouffle: I have to admit @realDonaldTrump motivates the hell out of me. #smallbiz #leader"  That's great go get 'em!
"@JeffBirotweets: Thoroughly enjoyed watching @realDonaldTrump and @DannyZuker twitter fight. At least Danny has the better hair. He's bald!
"@CaptainApathyUK: Enjoying reading @DannyZuker knocking the shit out of @realDonaldTrump. Sorry hater he's getting his ass kicked!
"@sirenasola: @realDonaldTrump The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words "You're fired!"?"  He will be using them often &amp; soon!
"@MaxVayner: @realDonaldTrump(?) Do you have the guts to debate Jon Stewart?"  He would never do it he couldn't use his writers.
"@DannyZuker: .@realDonaldTrump I'll never respond to your asinine bet. You're gutless Danny and you don't even know what the bet is-loser!
"@RustinNiles: @realDonaldTrump i hear ya Mr. Trump but arguing with the left is like punching yourself in the face a pointless endeavor."
"@TorresTerrell: @realDonaldTrump whoa.....what are they so mad about? #KeepCalm"  Don't worry it's just the same old losers and haters!
"@DannyZuker: @AndyRichter I have to be honest. I think I'm starting not to like the guy." Actually Danny you would like me very much!
"@Matteo5anchez: @realDonaldTrump shut up u stuck up cock! Hope u lose ur cash and get run over"  Too smart to lose the cash-run over maybe
"@GavinCoffin: "@realDonaldTrump CA is the best i rather loose my inheritance then have to watch the dreadful Modern Family on ABC @DannyZuk
Come on @DannyZuker take the bet show your friends and family (&amp; your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not "chicken shit"
The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than @DannyZuker. Come on Danny make the bet!
@DannyZuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager
"@sirenasola: @realDonaldTrump The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words "You're fired!"?"
"@kosstar: @DannyZuker @realDonaldTrump Did we ever get to the details of the "deal"?  No Danny doesn't have the guts to play the game.
"@kevinsmoore: @realDonaldTrump says exactly what he thinks. Lol This is one of the reasons I follow this man! He's the best!"  Thanks K.
"@jefferies_: @realDonaldTrump Watching the finale. Can't wait for the next season. #TrumpRules"Thanks and enjoy.
@DannyZuker everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal.
Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now.
No @DannyZuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny you can do it!
@DannyZuker @AndyRichter Danny you're not having fun you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal?
No @DannyZuker  just the opposite lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)!
Remember @dannyzuker  you are not even the real "boss" of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you!
@DannyZuker Come on Danny are u afraid of the DEAL (be careful I'm really good at deals).
I know you don't like to hear this @DannyZuker but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far "bigger" than the biggest nights of Mod Fam
@ericleebow  Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction!
Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country will be the best!
@DannyZuker are you ready for the deal?
@DannyZucker are you ready for the deal?
I was just told by a television pro thay @DannyZucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!
"@twitt_be_cray: @realDonaldTrump go fuck yourself you dumb fuck" When was the last time you had a date-such terrible language (&amp; picture).
@julesmattsson   Wrong totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck!
"@MaasMaasWhatup: Nobody does the Twitter thing quite like @realDonaldTrump. That man engages his critics like nobody I've seen before.  T.
@ForQ2  Are you making less than minimum wage don't worry the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be.
"@M_A_F: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for all you do for the #troops! May God bless all of our #Veterans this Memorial Day!" Thanks.
"@CongressGent: @realDonaldTrump is one of the greatest businessmen to ever live. It is impossible to think otherwise."  Very nice thanks!
The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B Icahn Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!
"@EAWIII: @realDonaldTrump It will make my 3 day weekend to get a tweet from the greatest businessman the world has seen!"Great weekend!
@BuseyFoundation @THEGaryBusey Thanks Gary it was great having you on the show may your foundation spend the money well.
In your planning know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
Mrs. Goldberg who filed the Chicago case many years ago is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her.
Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy.
"@Sennandy: @realDonaldTrump what a great wave you ride. without people like you the world would be years behind where we are. Thank you!
@VanityFair Read this &amp; you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes.
"@Johns81366: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump Even though I'm not a Republican I wrote your name on my ballot during the election." A wise move
"@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump I agree! She tried to ruin the good old Trump brand! You can not let her get away with it."  TRUE!
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
The so called 87 year old "lady" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer.
"@Chris_McNall: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations on win in Chicago today.  Thank you this woman played the age card and made up a story.
I very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp; comments on my speech in Michigan--the people were great.
"@MrWalrusQ: @moronwatch Here ya go. "@gshuba: @realDonaldTrump Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil carbon.
"@gshuba: @realDonaldTrump Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil carbon et al."  True!
"@mattcyr2312: @realDonaldTrump @Gurning_Chimp @bluejoni Wind power is inefficient and a hazard to the environment."
"@bluejoni: @realDonaldTrump The Scots LOVE their wind power.  No they hate that it is ruining their land (which it is).
Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)
@MarkEaston777   Keep figthing don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life!
"@KrissySummers88: @realDonaldTrump @TheOaklandPress Awesome! I'm from Michigan.Thanks-the crowd was great and I loved making that speech!
"Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." - Golda Meir
Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO.
If the great Si Newhouse were still running @CondeNastCorp he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking.
. @Newsmax__Media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @ChrisRuddyNMX has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.
Amazingly @AnthonyWeiner is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! @CondeNastCorp
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!
One season ends and another starts.  Already casting for the next @ApprenticeNBC. Great news for charity--$13 million so far.
Isn’t it amazing that Obama “never knew” about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
"@JessicaCarwile: @realDonaldTrump @traceadkins. We are so grateful for the Red Cross in OK today!! Thank you to Trace and to Mr. Trump!
"@BettyBlopper1: The standing O that LilJon received when @realDonaldTrump gave his charity $100k was so moving. Love celebrity apprentice!"
Good timing: @TraceAdkins won big for American Red Cross last night on @ApprenticeNBC. Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.
Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. I wish everyone well!
@beverly_buck  Great enjoy the hotel.
"@divermam: @realDonaldTrump I just saw the finale. Your act of kindness was total class. I've been a fan but I now love you Mr. Trump.
"@PCornibe: @realDonaldTrump You are a genuine compassionate man. Loved the show last night." Thanks Peggy.
"@MsSamanatha: @realDonaldTrump Sir you just made me cry when you gave @LilJon that 100000 that is why U ROCK! Thanks the show was fun!
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast they are all winners!  From beginning over $13 million for charity.
"@bigicedaddy: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump on the best Celebrity Apprentice yet. You did a remarkable job as always. Thsnks
"@j_cohl: I'm kinda hoping that @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump become the first father-daughter US President duo in American history CUTE
"@Kingofgames3000: @realDonaldTrump the baddest boss on the planet taking no bs from anybody gotta hand it to you the real estate king" Cute
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.
The cast for next season looks really good!
"@bvmike: @realDonaldTrump something big and different tonight? Are you going to fire Penn and Trace crown yourself The Apprentice?"
"@Carodimo: @realDonaldTrump Give us an anticipation of it please.! Veni Vidi Vici.!"  You must see what happens at the very beginniing 9PM
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?
"@danielrsimoes: @realDonaldTrump Here in Brazil we set up a group to see the final of the Apprentice live. Hug and more Success for you"
@workplayeat   Thanks only the haters disagree!
"@sally_lawson: @realDonaldTrump love the phrase "the harder I work the luckier I get" great book Donald"
"@piersmorgan: Bob Costas is one of the smartest people I've interviewed. #CNN"  But you told me I was the smartest (by far)!
I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad too late!
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet.
The LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC will be tough &amp; nasty. Be sure to watch @pennjillette &amp; @TraceAdkins fight to the finish!
The sexual abuse that is so rampant has according to generals greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it.
Just in—all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failed—in fact the stoppers have become the abusers.
.@NYMag is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack @jonathanchait.
"@funnsylvania: When is @realDonaldTrump going to finally get his own talk show? He would absolutely DESTROY the competition!"  Thanks-time!
Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them
I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there kept the oil! DUMB
General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control.
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!
"@ChrisLeahey1: @realDonaldTrump Do you see President Obama surviving these scandals ?"  Sadly yes but he will never be the same!
"@_Meagann: And @realDonaldTrump reminds me of my Grandpa -the smartest man I know."  Wow great!
"@MikeMessina_: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for President! He would be the best leader!"  Thanks Mike.
@LCBeaudoin   Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine.
@blakemharris   But they are the folks I like the best - by far!
"@ricksmi54256322: @realDonaldTrump i can't wait til ur president the world will be a better place" If I ran and won so true (&amp; thanks)!
"@MzInvestigator: Great way to almost end the week. Tv night on the deck with my fav simply red TRUMP wine @trumpwinery @EricTrump TRUE!
“The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
If these scandals happened before the election Obama could not have won.
@polotodd804  This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring
"@jsalzinger: @realDonaldTrump saw some of your testimony today you ran circles around the prosecutor!"  Thanks.
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?
"@Jake_Clegg81: @realDonaldTrump is the man! @TheApprentice9 is the best show on TV!"  Thanks!
"@KiloBunch: @realDonaldTrump Much respect but you are the most sophisticated and vicious SOB out there. And I think you're great!"  Wow!
The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
The "lady" in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500 000 and is sophisticated  &amp; vicious. She made up a story &amp; plays the "age card" - bad!
I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!
32º in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
"@HankDHaney: @realDonaldTrump it's great to have u in the game of golf ur courses r all great first class operations in great condition"
.@LilJon once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC. Great job!
.@lisarinna did amazing on #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC.  Raising over $505K for @StJude she made it to the Final Four.  Congrats Lisa.
“Never judge someone by their job title. You’d be surprised at the talents people can have.” – Midas Touch
@TigerWoods GREAT playing you are the best!
I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW.
"@CunninghamNY: . @realDonaldTrump clearly needs to run for president! Don't think anyone else can get us on the right track but him!"
"@RoySchuhmacher: @samahDanash I own a fitness business all over the the Bay Area on CA. So @realDonaldTrump has been a HUGE motivator."
Watching @TigerWoods on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!
"@chris_l54: @SPORTSGURU77 @tweetontilt @realdonaldtrump @mcuban If you real Art of the Deal you'd know that Donald did it all on his own."
"@samahDanash: Think big is the most amazing book I have ever read. @realDonaldTrump"
"@71Kristine: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for Fund Anything Mr. Trump you know how to help people in all the right ways. With hope"
"@TonyChalk1: @realDonaldTrump is a role model for how to be successful. I've been a fan since "Art of the Deal"came out in paperback."
@chris_l54    Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!
"@JwalkerKid: @realDonaldTrump YOU WIN ON TV SHOWS HANDS DOWN YOU ARE A SUCCESSFUL PERSON ...... I LOVE ALL THE SHOWS U HAVE COME UP WITH"
"@chris_l54: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban Hadn't even heard of 'the benefactor' til Donald mentioned it. Big fail.. Donald wins the TV war."
"@leebandoni: @realDonaldTrump time for you to instruct the BBC to replace him he has the personality of a tea bag"
"@WVUChemE: @realDonaldTrump The real shark tank is the boardroom on @ApprenticeNBC !"
"@seanheilweil: @realDonaldTrump damn you really like getting @mcuban fired up to squash you like a bug huh?" He doesn't have the strength!
The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice one of the biggest hits in T.V. history.
@african11   But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do!
The Apprentice on the other hand has been a MAJOR television hit often times finishing #1. Even now after 13 seasons it wins its slot!
@mcuban is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show S T.
@chef_riggy  I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way!
"@m_plem: @realDonaldTrump @lord Do you ever take the high road?" When I'm dealing with garbage like @Lord Sugar NO!
"@jshawknz: The only thing I ever watch on TV is @realDonaldTrump 's All Star Celebrity Apprentice. #truestory"
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
"@grtblankenship: @realDonaldTrump is definitely the best personality I follow on twitter. Inspiration and role model all together!"
"@Jaybags9: @realDonaldTrump just been walking behind you boss! Liking the golf course and hotel in general! #Miami #Doral"  Will be great!
Dummy I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head.
“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” - Peter Drucker
"@Chris_Nima: @realDonaldTrump Would you rather have a 3rd Obama term or make out with Rosie??"  I'll take the third term!
"@JoshRosenfield: .@realDonaldTrump And yet he refuses to release his IQ results to the public. WHAT ARE YOU HIDING MR. TRUMP." Ask Obama!
A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn Kravis Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks!
"@bagshotrow: @realDonaldTrump which internet test told you this i would like to Match Wits With The Trumpster"  You wouldn't have a chance!
"@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump do you support the death penalty?"  YES!
Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!  Congratulations to the jury on a job well done!  Now will it be life or death?
"@hotair25159: @realDonaldTrump lol.. Justice for Travis"   It shows that the legal system is still intact-good news!
Sorry losers and haters but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecureit's not your fault
What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?
We continue to lose our nation’s finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
"@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 2.1mil followers?"  NoI'm too cheap!
@BobKurlander   Thanks Bob it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer!
"@Heaveenly: @realDonaldTrump how does it feel to have 2.1 million followers"  Great-like owning The New York Times without the lo$$es! .
Wow I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me).
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is believe it or not still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
"@Fresh_Entertain: @realDonaldTrump do you ever go to the isle of Lewis?"  Yes great place-my wonderful mother was born there!
The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!
26000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together?
"@artlab: @realDonaldTrump Still waiting for the apology on the birth certificate thing.  You must be kidding joker!
“Mistakes are always forgivable if one has the courage to admit them.” -- Bruce Lee
The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower
26000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report).
Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
.@lisarinna is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Watch out men she’s sharp and tough.
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
.@TheRealMarilu was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers loved her.
"@SinCityVinnie: @realDonaldTrump #celebrityapprentice is the absolute best show on television."   THANKS!
When written in Chinese the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity." JFK
Looking forward to being the guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FaithandFreedom Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington DC
What’s funny about the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter.
Amazing how the haters &amp; losers keep tweeting the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” like they are so original &amp; like no one else is doing it...
“Most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning” The Art of the Deal
It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC's task will separate the winners from the losers.
"@HarrietBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump @deedeegop What happened to "turn the other cheek?"  Sorry not a believer!
@roysj   Unlike you stupid I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp; false low int.
"@s__nguyen: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being a great inspiration to us in the younger generation. We need more leaders like you!"Thanks
"@pzarrella21: @realDonaldTrump I don't understand the trolls that follow celebrities to curse them out on a daily basis. #getalife. LOSERS!
"@Angelkakes: @realDonaldTrump love you. Need people like you running this country instead of the idiots now in @whitehouse #failed" Thanks!
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC is down to the five final contestants.  Getting fired now is when it really hurts!
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know look at OJ &amp; others)
"@anthonyeding: No doubt the @realDonaldTrump would have been a better president than Obama"   TRUE!
"@PatrickMendezNV: They're going to make you their @TIME person of the year in attempt to silence you.  They are not smart enough to do that
Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!
@Drake4444444    I never knew but thanks for the compliment!
@Neviah_M  A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police detectives and prosecutors interviewed? City should not settle this case
"@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump your show ratings are off the charts why do others fail to get it right?"  Because they don't want to!
@CraigSJ   Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records?
"@MrWayneRock: @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Where Fred Christ Trump (father of The Donald) started THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. Never saw-Really great
"@leebestt: @realDonaldTrump So true; from the 2 Best of all time Ruth and Trump."  Really cool!
“Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe Ruth
Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.  Ideally it should be $25.  Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.
Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
Wow I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @NewYorkObserver  voted me #1 on the "power 100" list in NY......
"@steveturk182: @realDonaldTrump what is your favorite book that you have authored?"  Art of the Deal!
"@ELewie1994: @realDonaldTrump Ever going to return to WWE and have your $$$ fall down from the sky?"  Up to Vince M.
"@FillingerJoanne: @realDonaldTrump you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone I said so. You my BFF"  Thanks Joanne!
"@royroper: @realDonaldTrump we need to get the unemployed back to work."  That is a big part of the answer!
Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
.@Lawrence is the poor man's left wing @oreillyfactor(with no ratings)!
"@BridgetGonzale3: @realDonaldTrump I mean seriously come on Donald Trump is the coolest guy ever."  Thanks but easy against the losers!
@ShawnGarrett   I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event it's not my day job.                    
"@PureManhattan: @DannyZuker @realDonaldTrump Id rather support The Don than some clown. Just saying. Danny you are a clown.Yes and loser!
"@MasSergio: @realDonaldTrump that punk's jealous of ya mr. trump @DannyZuker is not worth the time of day! He prolly wants media attn-True!
"@jtan_from_ott: @realDonaldTrump would ever have a loser like @dannyzuker on the apprentice? His stupidity could be funny. Interesting!
"@bdbender1: @realDonaldTrump it is truly disgusting to see the wind farms here in Iowa - destroying our farmland and wildlife.
"@shillelagh2: @realDonaldTrump @tomspiglanin @TrumpNationalLA if its good enough for The Donald it should be ok for me" Directly on Pacific
Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run?
By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great!
"One hit wonder @DannyZuker" I notice you are not disputing all of the failures that I said you had. Let's talk about it!
.@DannyZuker I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture you'll never be in front of the camera!
‏.@richardroeper- Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks!
Just out- @ApprenticeNBC was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. @THEGaryBusey has latched on and won’t let go. #CelebApprentice
We have the Final Six—and @LilJon is the last remaining member of Team Power. He’s done a great job. #CelebApprentice
"@mlnluis: @THEGaryBusey @realDonaldTrump gary your the only reason we watch celebrity apprentice. Your GREAT!!!"  So are you!
"@ClevelandGuy70: @realDonaldTrump Sunday 9pm-11pm on NBC is the best TV of the week...Love the show Mr Trump #CelebApprentice"  Thanks!
"@vanillakissesxx: @realDonaldTrump Love you and love the show!! :)"  Thanks S!
"@Verniceblahblah: @realDonaldTrump trump hotels are the best!!!"  I AGREE AND THANKS!
I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. @tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC  (Yankee Stadium)
Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price.
@Anon_Farmer @PeaceLibLady   Not me I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy.  I now tell people it is a great time to buy
"@lucysmommichele: @realDonaldTrump Gary Busey cracks me up! He definitely has a different outlook on life! Thanks for The Apprentice!" Nice
"@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Wake up Donald the world is awaiting your wisdom ."  I know such a burden.
"@KingofRough: @realDonaldTrump Seriously wonder if you like Chinese people? Not talking about its gov."  I really like the Chinese people.
"@GauravK725: @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump look at the facts..those millions were made into billions by Mr. Trump. And its still growing!" TRUE!
"@piximania: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump! I'm from South Africa and I just love your tweets!! You're the best!"  Thanks.
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will like Newsweeksoon be dead. Bad list!
"@Janie_Sears: @realDonaldTrump One day I will shake hands with the man who inspired me to dream (and become) BIG!"  Great going Janie!
"@CMHeel: @realDonaldTrump do like Mexico?"   Yes but they make a fortune off the U.S.  Their leaders are far better negotiators than ours.
"@sad__mom: @realDonaldTrump when i watch the clouds all i see is your face and think "success""Wow!
"@JohnRMcCabe: @realDonaldTrump deserves to be President of the United States of America"  Thanks John we need someone Really good (great).
"@firephoto67: @realDonaldTrump Big fan Mr. Trump always have been. Keep up the good work"  Thanks Woody!
What apology didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?
@gretawire-I'll be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it!  (FOX).
Ignorance is inexcusable; it’s the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features the return of @Joan_Rivers.  Sunday at 9 PM on @NBC--full 2 hours.
Get ready for fireworks…@Joan_Rivers &amp; @THEGaryBusey face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.
The Boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical.  I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly.
To be in charge you have to take responsibility you have to instill confidence. It’s like being a conductor--set the tempo.
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.
Wow I’m at 2200000  followers but I’d love to get rid of the haters &amp; losers—they’re such a waste of time!
@Ashley33331 True but the losers don't know that--thanks.
@thebageldogs @frankshow @kristinaoakes Thanks--the haters &amp; losers know that too.
"@ASanders836: @realDonaldTrump what would you feel about Jeb Bush running for president in 2016?" The last thing we need is another Bush!
"@DaveCentrist: @realDonaldTrump The most over-rated person on the planet Donald J. Trump. Except by himself. Why do you follow loser?
"@craigdevlin: @realDonaldTrump @sheckiezx @kristinaoakes go on the daily show then and prove yourself." I would triple his ratings-nice no.
"@JeffRuben1: @realDonaldTrump I hear the billions calling my name you'll be hearing about me in a few years. #waterturbinetopower" Great!
"@NeilWhinhamPGA: @RealDonaldTrump If you were a Golf Professional where in the world would you set up your business?" Doral in Miami.
.@VattenfallGroup doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard! @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
“The aesthetic the quality has to be carried all the way through.”  - Steve Jobs
By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp; @AlexSalmond’s faulty thinking on the “Lockerbie bomber” the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.
Watch out. Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Don't cross her!
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
As everybody knows but the haters &amp; losers refuse to acknowledge I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow. Who by the way is totally overrated.
@PhilStephen The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open &amp; packed—really cool to see &amp; many are saying the greatest golf course ever built.
"@Maddie_Rene: @realDonaldTrump trump would be a great president he would be strong and truly fight for the US. freeing up the market.Thanks
"@_Hub__: @realDonaldTrump: Grew up in family business at a time when passion &amp; competitiveness were the norm. We have lost that Trump drive
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
Scotland does not have free press even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!
"@Tsheppe: @realDonaldTrump I have on the sharpest blue Trump tie on today. Going to win!"   Go get 'em!
"@Mimekiller: @realDonaldTrump this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike Tyson?" Oh I guess I'm not a racist!
"@WLynton: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you just block the morons that try annoy you?" They make me feel even smarter-not worth the effort!
"@WeskusOuma: @realDonaldTrump What other attacks?"  Read the transcripts etc.
"@mtomassetti22: @realDonaldTrump so should the makers of this documentary be fired?" No but they should state the true facts-no angels!
"@Bostonred: @realDonaldTrump Where is the evidence ?" All over the place!
"@coolboybrand: @realDonaldTrump the point of the documentary is that they were innocent - they were attacking innocent people in the Park!
@RebeccaErin_   They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?
"@Jenil93_: @realDonaldTrump No melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted. On the contrary increased ice in Antarctica
"@carolbell04: @realDonaldTrump this season of the appentance is great"   Thanks!
"@MasSergio: @realDonaldTrump the fucking truth we need our jobs back!" That won't happen without new leadership!
"@backupwraith: i firmly believe that @realDonaldTrump is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter. that is all."A great compliment!
The Central Park Five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
@GerhardM_com   Perhaps but the Country is in really big trouble!  I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it).
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
@HelmJoshua   Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill.
@jon_fullerton   No the Chinese will make them!
North Carolina’s most exclusive club @Trump_Charlotte’s features @SharkGregNorman designed golf course which fronts the biggest lake in NC
Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
.@AlexSalmond don’t worry my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate!
This past Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run!
I’ve always been a fan of Steve Jobs especially after watching Apple stock collapse w/out him – but the yacht he built is truly ugly.
It’s freezing in New York—where the hell is global warming?
“The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.” - Gen. George S. Patton
In three years people won’t be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete &amp; totally destroy the environment in which they sit.
"@Lantern153: @realDonaldTrump I'm sorry you feel terrorists deserve to enjoy the just system setup by the united states. You are nuts!
"@adamkellydeals: @realDonaldTrump - you are the best- ive been a supporter since i was old enough to read" Thanks Adam!
Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardon—don’t give it to him Mr. President—hang tough!
The big problem for little @MacMiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song not just his Donald Trump bonanza.
"@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump you r the most honest and real person on twitter. Twitter was invented for Trump!" Thanks very nice!
"@macgecko: @wsquared58 @realdonaldtrump @fastfranky5 @macy @goangelo Actually the first of many Trump ties because of look feel quality"
@jbailey1987   Yes we can oh foolish one terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
"@Shootar401: @realDonaldTrump You need to run for President and get this country back on the right track! Trump 2016"  Thank you!
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @Macy's beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks @GoAngelo and the rest of the losers for mentions!
What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice
For you newcomers George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
“George has a real twinkle about him” says @TheRealMarilu. Really? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprentice
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #CelebApprentice
George Ross could be right—@THEGaryBusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
.@TraceAdkins presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell he’s very pleased about that--&amp; rightly so.
Seems like the teams are surprised when @THEGaryBusey comes back. #CelebApprentice
What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk!
Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say "speak to my lawyers."
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms legs and worse!
@CoachClintSwan  Tell me what were they doing in the Park playing checkers?
Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life Celebrity Apprentice is great tonight on NBC at 9. It will be a full two hour show!
You are right the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?  We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH
When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals remember the killings-maimings
I hate when the news media so afraid to offend anyone always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as "the suspect".
The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass
Oh no they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish?  t
"@Cheban42: @realDonaldTrump how did u feel Bout Mitt??"  Very nice guy but just didn't resonate with the voters!
Sorry  the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S.
"@murmiles: @realDonaldTrump Sir will you be bringing the caddy service in-house at Doral or sticking with a contractor?  In house!
"@Lumberportal: @realDonaldTrump I don't think the haters or losers bother Donald one bit haha. Do they affect you in anyway?" No!
"@ShaneFontaine7: @realDonaldTrump what a great fragrance success is. Love the sentiment and it lasts all day. Thanks Donald" No thanks @S.
"@FilmRod83: @realDonaldTrump What house makes your cologne? I'm going to Macy's to get a few of your ties and cologne! The best!" Thanks!
"@crazygreentiger: @realDonaldTrump its because of people like you the bombings happened in the first place." Oh I see it's my fault!
"@_ayooPRINCESS: . Many people dislike @realDonaldTrump but the man is the man and I can't lie 👍 ."  So true!
Great job by the FBI Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight!
"@Justin_Majoy: @realDonaldTrump this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existence"  You are too kind!
"@jschmeezz23: @realDonaldTrump in my opinion you are the best human being ever!" I like that better-thank you!
"@MattWeaver_21: @realDonaldTrump You are quite literally the worst human being ever." Thank you!
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
"@mikeohio2323: @rob_bieber @realdonaldtrump Tell the victims and their families about this guy's rights.  Terrible!
Get ALL the info  then quick trial then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind.
"@daveinfinland: @realDonaldTrump I just watched the #youvebeentrumped documentary. It was a one-sided piece of garbage-a total disgrace!
.@CNN should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp; get back to reporting!
@MarlboroStan You've got it mixed up.  Chechnya is not the Czech Republic.
The @FBIPressOffice police &amp; others are doing an amazing job. How genius was it putting together that tape?
These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout.
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies.  And as we have learned from ObamaCare Washington only makes things worse!
"@MeWonderful2: @realDonaldTrump @Rockinar @mtneerjustice LOLss. I wonder if the false info comes from "hate" OR just lack of knowledge.Hate
"@Rockinar: @realDonaldTrump @mtneerjustice Trump does not own the hotel. He just licensed him name out for it." Wrong I own the hotel!
"@PatrickBlackbrn: @realDonaldTrump @MattMoran50 He tried last cycle and failed miserably. Never ran yet lead in the pols you moron!
"@MattMoran50: The day @realDonaldTrump runs for president is the day this country can get back to being great again"  Wow thank you!
"@mtneerjustice: @realDonaldTrump My husband and I went to Las Vegas in August and stayed at the Trump Hotel. We loved it!   That's great!
"@RogerLMenard: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump please keep up the great work on all fronts...Your an inspiration to everyone." Thank you!
"@Ailor424: @realDonaldTrump Prez shows more anger about US Senate not passing guns bill than he does about the Boston bombing. Interesting!
"@NickTripp86: @realDonaldTrump @rodmonium91 What is the most important lesson you've learned in business?" Never give up!
"@simonlise: @realDonaldTrump @maggie101956 if he had gone you would have criticized him for leaving the Boston issue unresloved" Wrong!
"@Slave4Suzi: @KatrinaDeVita I highly recommend you follow @realDonaldTrump if you don't already. The man's a genius." Thank you!
"@Arseburgers: @realDonaldTrump @itsHODAIFA When you die the world will be better"  Very nice - you sound like a really wonderful person!
"@LRod421: @realDonaldTrump @MLB @Yankees what do you think the yankees will end up doing with his contract. Pay it or contess it"  Contest?
"@billf227: @realDonaldTrump staying at Doral tonight. Can't wait to see it after the Trump renovations"  It will be amazing!
"@maggie101956: @realDonaldTrump Donald...he couldn't go to Thachers funeral??? Am I the only one outraged???"  No!
"@itsHODAIFA: @realDonaldTrump I wish someday i would be like you! You're my inspiration! Keep up the good work.   Thanks!
"@blakeamorrow: @realDonaldTrump ha! Cuban got lucky. Trump is a genius. Hope to see you at the top one day sir."  Great hopefully soon!
The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerry’s trip to China.  He got nothing gave them everything and promised even more.
Great to see @RedSox win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all @RedSox fans.
"@Real_LukasHall: Starting to follow the Donald has been one of my better decisions lately @realDonaldTrump"  That's great!
"@slabrunojr: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyskwiat @QueyNewton Cuban could buy and sell Trump 2x!!"  Wrong moron the opposite times 4.
I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor.  Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated.
The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere.  Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most.
It’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to Margaret Thatcher’s funeral. She was a big U.S. supporter.
@sonoman24 @stephenbaldwin @ApprenticeNBC  I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real.
.@hardball_chris  Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp; so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday.
.@hardball_chris must have the lowest IQ on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right.
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!
My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!
RT @gatewaypundit: The Trump Hotel Waikiki looks like a lovely resort @realDonaldTrump  #Hawaii
.@TheRealMarilu is impressing the All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers with her continued success on Team Power.
"@PashaRozay: Ivanka Trump is the best thing @realDonaldTrump ever created. #celebrityapprentice #theapprentice
"@JFordEureka: Love the ties! Where can I get them? @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump #celebapprentice" Macy's!
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice
.@PennJillette and @StephenBaldwin7's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice
"@jeffreybigmoney: @realDonaldTrump Would they have won the task if not the misspelling? I was dying for him or Trace to ask that. YES!
It’s true—@dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award. I didn’t like having to fire him. #CelebApprentice
"@MSKIBBS1: @realDonaldTrump The only way we can save America in 2016 will be if you run for President." Thank you!
"@IamTimClancy: @realDonaldTrump....please save our America....a democratic win in 2016 will be the final nail." True!
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at  9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW JUST LIKE THE MASTERS.   9
"@Kyle_j91: @realDonaldTrump If the US asked for reimbursement for defense and the Koreans declined then what?  Let's rebuild the U.S.!
"@chuckyc78: @realDonaldTrump happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice party" You will love it tonight!
"@trevordebus: @realDonaldTrump Why is Apprentice 2 full hours now? Ratings problems prompt NBC to end the season early? No dopeopposite!
"@gameexpress1: @realDonaldTrump Angel Cabrerra will win the MASTERS..265lbs of everyman golfer..Ole!" He is looking good!
"@PattyMSink: @realDonaldTrump Please please please consider running in the 2016 Presidential election. We need business savvy (you)Thanks
"@philip711: @realDonaldTrump I think when you go on the @sternshow those are the best interviews"  Howard and I have fun!
"@NoraHaxha: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is the man loved the interview on letterman!"  Thanks!
"@rpm11561: @IvankaTrump your dad's interview last night with David Letterman was the best realest most genuine sitdown ever ! Thanks!
"@Dale26: Mr @realDonaldTrump how come the US doesn't listen 2u whenever u give them advice on how deal with all the problems? They are dumb
"@dolliemjs02: @realDonaldTrump I liked Donald Trump on The To Night Show with David Letterman"  Thanks!
South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!
China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen!
"@CoolCanuckChick: @realDonaldTrump I thought China was good with the U.S.?"  Only if you want no country left!
Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow that would be the end a disaster!
"@BidwellP: @realDonaldTrump Are you supporting Chinese child labor?" Only at The Masters!
"@teh_jaybee: @realDonaldTrump are you going to return the favor to @VinceMcMahon and be the one who inducts him in to the @WWE #HOF?" YES!
"@GenuineAccess: @realDonaldTrump Booked VIP clients to playing at the Trump Course in Palos Verdes fnn #"  Great-best course in California!
"@petekobelka: @realDonaldTrump just wanted to let you know your show is the best show on prime time better then anything!
Bad break for @TigerWoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!
"@josh_b_123: thank you for creating the best show ever @realDonaldTrump"  Very nice thank you!
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see I can stick up for China)
@MannaaEyad I only speak the truth.
Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.
“Be up front and direct with people and they will return the favor.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Where is the President?  It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea -- and others.
The only American who has met with the North Korean man child is Dennis Rodman.  Isn’t that frightening and sad?
China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day they are using the Norks to taunt us.  China is a major threat.
.@nbc has increased @ApprenticeNBC to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST
"@DJHago: @realDonaldTrump Re Scotland. I'm in Scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms. Hideous and horrible things."
"@RickShauntz: @realDonaldTrump @SStew3 we need the art of the deal" Very true!
"@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump I've come to the conclusion the only help for America is TRUMP 2016 for President!"  Probably so!
Mr. President it is time to lead on the Korean crisis.  Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child!
The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs.
I really liked everyone at the @WWE Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people!
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump and Jared on the big news.  I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
“Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.” – Think Big
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!
"@FrankRomeo31: @realDonaldTrump @garthdahdah don't forget SUCCESS! The most complimented cologne in my collection... by far!"  Thanks!
"@JackLypka: @realDonaldTrump how do you like the Dallas Mavericks' chances tonight against Phoenix?" I don't!
“You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.” - Andrew Carnegie
.@Yankees Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific start. He’s less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free A-Rod.
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The $200M renovations at Trump @DoralResort are right on target.  When completed the course will be as good as it gets.
I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!
"@davidgrieve: @realDonaldTrump what’s with the ridiculously short apprentice episodes? :( @ApprenticeNBC" Going back to two hours - ratings
Sorry losers and haters but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
"@mbb2792: @realDonaldTrump congrats on the hall of fame !!!!! @WWE"  Sorry haters but  people loved my WWEHOF speech as you saw last night
"@aakash4cesc: @realDonaldTrump will never forget the way u shaved vince's head and money fall !! U deserved to be in WWE HOF"  Thanks!
"@miketilley13: Prepping for my job interview by reading "The Art of the Deal" by @realDonaldTrump Inspirational"  Good luck Mike!
"@Scooter41471: @realDonaldTrump congrats on the run with the show been a staple for years on NBC" Thanks Scott!
I just left @trumpwinery in CharlottesvilleVirginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.
The new reality. ‘China Daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of America.
I’m a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in @TrumpTowerNY and @AmandaTMiller is definitely on the map! #CelebApprentice
The boardroom and @WrestleMania- I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice
The #CelebApprentice post @OMAROSA. Will it ever be the same?
My wife the beautiful @MELANIATRUMP will be appearing… #CelebApprentice
I’m at @WrestleMania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice
@ApprenticeNBC is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty @MELANIATRUMP who reveals her great skin care collection. @lordandtaylor
"@luwfcrule: @realDonaldTrump When will Apprentice USA be back on UK TV? jealous of not being able to watch it like you are in the USA. SOON
"@ChrisColgan: @realDonaldTrump - Congrats on being the greatest real investor of our time" Thank you!
"@Jesus_Mohammad: @realDonaldTrump should I get the red Donald trump tie or the blue Donald trump tie???" Get them both at Macy's-thanks!
My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people including Bruno.
"@thejbrain: @realDonaldTrump America needs you in 2016. Your success and capabilities are enough to make the world peaceful again.God bless
When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?
Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!
"@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump. Great picture Mr trump would to see u invest in some golf courses in the UK your resorts are the best"
"@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to see the finished product. Another Trump masterpiece ..... As usual !!!" Thanks Dan re. Doral!
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
@JordanKnoxville @ApprenticeNBC Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours.
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
“The great question is not whether you have failed but whether you are content with failure.” - Laurence J. Peter
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @MELANIATRUMP together!
...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?
James Holmes the Aurora Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp; injured 58 others is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty...
Tell me which is “cooler”—my induction into the @WWE Hall of Fame or my Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Very exciting—tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
"@trackdonny: @realDonaldTrump . Thanks for spreading the truth about China and all Donald trump. You rock brother. Donny stjohn Sag. Actor"
Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!
"@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Will the Mavs make the playoffs what do u think Mr Trump?" No Mark Cuban is a loser!
North Korea can't survive or even eat without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us!
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National  Doral in Miami. They are smart hard working and great
"@imredwingfan: @realDonaldTrump truly the best show on TV...."  Thanks!1
"The bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn." – Anonymous
Remember Celebrity Apprentice  tonight  on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!
Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
Now AP is banning the term "illegal immigrants" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!
The purpose of China’s massive military buildup on the Nork’s border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.
“Relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying.” – Roger Ailes You are the Message
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book
I played football and baseball sorry but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with "global warming"?  Good move changing the name to "climate change" - sad!
I ask again how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea?
I think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldn’t.
I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.
With the impending crisis in Korea is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.
Set the bar high do the best you possibly can and believe in yourself—because if you don’t no one else will either.
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news @ApprenticeNBC delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
... among ABC CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults....
The @Yankees should immediately stop paying A-Rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
A-Rod’s salary is more than the entire @astros. Half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!
The only place where our "border" is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported.
Immigration reform is all risk for the @GOP. Their base doesn’t want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National @DoralResort is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.
“Winning is the most important thing in my life after breathing. Breathing first winning next.” -     George Steinbrenner
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” is #1 in the time period among ABC CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demos—Nielsen Ratings
.@AlexSalmond’s insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..
.@AlexSalmond  the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie…
It was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @ApprenticeNBC last night—he has come a long way and for the good!
"@bucksfan2012: @realDonaldTrump - Did you hear the cheers from Ohio??! Celebrity Apprentice is back to being my favorite show!"
"@mcs3289: Who is the better boss? Mr. or Mrs. Trump? Can't wait to find out next week! @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC"
"@nysportfan4life: @realDonaldTrump Will you be at the Yankee game tomorrow?" Yes!
"@kg08tj: @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice the best show on tv all my #mba classmates are loving it to #bestshow in North America"
"@natalicious40: Yay! Yay! Yay! @OMAROSA is gone!!! Can't wait for next Sunday! @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE THE MAN!!!" Thanks!
"@TheRayGallimore: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice most powerful show on the network! No other television series comes close to it!
"@FutureCutler: @realDonaldTrump Couldn't be happier! Now #CelebrityApprentice is without a doubt the best show on tv!" Glad you are happy!
.@pennjillette has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame— about time! #CelebApprentice
"@justivanjames: The only person I enjoy following is @realDonaldTrump"  Thanks!
.@THEGaryBusey and one of his Busey-isms:  “Art is only the search it is not the final form.” #CelebApprentice
.@TrumpNewYork on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
.@claudiajordan’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise. #CelebApprentice
So what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember I only fire people when it is deserved not for other reasons!
No I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad.
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.
China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
"@SullyThinks: why is @realDonaldTrump not the president of the US right now?!" A very good question!
"@thejbrain: @realDonaldTrump Very well said. The United States needs people like you to show what truly leadership means!" So true!
"@kaiser1859: @realDonaldTrump what is the solution Mr Trump?" LEADERSHIP!
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!
"@tonyantoine321: @realDonaldTrump Great advice. Yesterday I listened to your audio book "Think Big" for the 2nd Time." Great!
@gramma421   Not recent long term support for the autism community.
"@FashionArtlady: @realDonaldTrump DT do you think kids are overmedicated and over diagnosed in the USA?"  Yes!
"@violaC72: @realDonaldTrump sir the autism community thanks you for your support!! #autismspeaks"
"@RocRx: RT @realDonaldTrump Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism. @autismspeaks"    GREAT!
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow.
Achievers go for the challenge so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves.
Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism.  @autismspeaks
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid not fixed in your expectations.
"@HeatherMama3: I watched the @realDonaldTrump on #Letterman Great interview this man knows how its done. Pure class! He has my vote.
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new bigger and better Blue Monster!
@NYMag - New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now it won't last long!
Employees of @NYMag should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?
...At the same time go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short.  Focus on your goal—look at the solution not the problem.
"Once you consent to some concession you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are." - Howard Hughes
"@ctobin22: @realDonaldTrump letterman's ratings were off the roof. Was it the TRUMP effect??" YES!
Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks
"@avedders: @realDonaldTrump you're the man! You should run for president!" Thanks!
"@JOECIOLFI: @realDonaldTrump worked @ theBrick here in Canada 15 years sleep on the Trump mattress taught 1000's to sell it. Fav mattress.
"@MICHELLE_GRACE_: @realDonaldTrump loved you on the letterman show. I have a whole new respect for you! continued success"  Thanks!
"@FCVladJoseph: @realDonaldTrump: You forgot to mention that you're going into the WWE Hall of Fame."
"@Greener17wing: @realDonaldTrump ya hit it out of the park. #preztrump from a Canadian #yourhired"  Thanks!
"@thatboyred: @realDonaldTrump you did awesome! Always shooting and keeping letterman away from attacking the GOP and joking on you. Great!
"@thomas_waller: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Way to take the high road on his attacks on conservatism. Your always a class act!" Thanks Tom!
"@kellyfrias: @realDonaldTrump I always enjoy your interviews and think The Apprentice is terrific. Looked great on Letterman." Thanks!
"@513pango: @realDonaldTrump please tell me you are going to run for president in 2016??" Thanks for the nice thoughts Mike!
"@THE_OBM: @realDonaldTrump I am a local Aberdonian. The coast is beautiful - it will be totally ruined with these vile ugly turbines."
"@nicla_b: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1 was doing the same thinking salmond has lost his mind
"@kalevans: @realDonaldTrump Iowa is the second leading state in the nation when it comes to wind energy! Sad distinction farm land lost!"
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @djkevritch  im proud to be scottish but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @GailLorene  Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.  And poor Scotland
Getting ready to do the David Letterman @Late_Show  tonight—I hope you all will watch—I think!
To all journalists look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with Vattenfall…Follow the money.
Less than two weeks until @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX.  @TheRock v. @JohnCena willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
.@pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him.
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities Vattenfall just laid off 2500 people &amp; has serious financial difficulties.
The new selection of ties shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
Many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. ..
…al-Megrahi  was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie Scotland.
The radar defense shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; R&amp;D the Chinese will ‘overtake America’ in 2016 ...
@michellemalkin 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired!
They changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)!
Uh oh… @OMAROSA &amp; @piersmorgan once again reunite in the Board Room in next week’s ‘All-Star’ @ApprenticeNBC.  Fireworks!
Last night’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprentice
That’s Adrian in the elevator— he works at @TrumpTowerNY &amp; he’s got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice
People ask about @AmandaTMiller. She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
Let’s see what happens in the boardroom… #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice
With @TraceAdkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice
What do you think of @DennisRodman’s Donald Trump head? The hair’s not quite right for one thing. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom- that’s not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice
.@StephenBaldwin7 thinks @TheRealMarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Last week’s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasn’t settled yet. #CelebApprentice
"@CShanton: @realDonaldTrump wish we had politicians that were like you... Maybe the we could cut some debt then. #2016"  Thanks!
"@EN_Somat: @realDonaldTrump Your Apprentice is so much better than ours in the UK. You're so much better than Alan Sugar!" Thanks!
"@inshapp776: @realDonaldTrump I just stayed at the Trump hotel in Vegas. I love it!!!" Great!
"@cjrj49: @realDonaldTrump please don't forget us people on the west coast #nospoiling"  I won't-thanks!
"@TheDorkKnite: #MentionSomebodyYouWantToMeet @realDonaldTrump The Man the Myth The Legend The Donald"  Thanks!
"@Slim_Shady2o3: @realDonaldTrump yay i cant wait mr trump! You have the best show on tv on sunday nights!"  THANKS!
"@Marco_Masucci: @MaryChayko @realdonaldtrump is my favorite celebrity in the world! I can't believe she met him.  Great and thanks!
"@William8311: @realDonaldTrump 2016 2016 2016! Get this country back to the prosperous nation we once were!!" Thanks.William!
"@AllysonWardBrkr: @realDonaldTrump what the world needs is Trump for president so the world can start making sense again.  Thanks!
"@warrencasselljr: @CTrain_ The truth will soon be revealed and everyone will say @realDonaldTrump was right!"   Many people think so!
"@yassinomar: The amount of Trump Towers in New York City is ridiculous. No simple man can build such an empire like .@realDonald  THANKS!!
"@CTrain_: @realDonaldTrump Honestly who gives a shit where Obama was born? It's where he lives now that's the problem"    Interesting!!!!
Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????
Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits that could happen here.
This Sunday's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.
RT @EWErickson: Personally I think it is awesome that @realDonaldTrump listens to @DLoesch on the radio. She's awesome.
.@MichelleMalkin would be nothing without being on the @seanhannity show.  I don’t see what Sean sees in her—loser!
When I think big which is often you can be sure I’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
@1fos1 Pay attention study more than what is required keep your focus on the big picture. And good luck.
“The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - Albert Einstein
There won’t be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment.
Make no mistake Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.
Problem with @GOP is not their message it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
It’s snowing &amp; freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?
.@mcuban  Mark—nice picture thanks for the invite to the Mavs/Nets game. Next time I’ll go and you’ll win!
"@Champion278: @realDonaldTrump I have to say your a better host than Alan sugar who does the uk version"    Thanks!
The @CelebApprentice will be broadcast tonight on @CNBC at 9 PM.
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
For the haters out of hundreds of deals or transactions I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
Why do the losers &amp; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t.  Like it or not it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
. @OMAROSA is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on @ApprenticeNBC.
. @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX less than 3 weeks away.  Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.  What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.
Board Room finale of this week’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes…It's great!
It’s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. No one wants the paper even if it is being handed out for free.
.@SouthJerseyMag “According to the Pros” just named Trump National Golf Club Philadelphia the #1 private club. Thanks!
"@whatitlooklike9: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban nobody is on the dons level. Lets be honest donald trump is the man" Very nice thank you!
"You can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much."  The Art of The Deal
10 yrs ago today the Iraq war began. 4485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq &amp; its oil.
.@RNC report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors.
"One of the most obvious lessons on @ApprenticeNBC is for the candidates to learn to think quickly." - Think Like a Champion
Does anyone remember the fight @mcuban had w/ the referee—he was weak &amp; pathetic—a non-athlete trying to live life thru his players.
Why do shows have @ananavarro—Ntl Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain ’08 &amp; Huntsman ’12.  She’s a loser who doesn’t deliver votes.
.@hardball_chris became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on @MSNBC that’s the way it is.
For beauty and flight I’ll take the @Boeing 757 over the @Boeing 787 any day!
l still think @Boeing should just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!
I don’t like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. It’s not Pope-like!
Re: CPAC “The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trump’s address something his operative said he planned to do...
I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats.
.@rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.
.@rushlimbaugh is right—the Republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
"@cathmiriam: Love the fact that everyone who tweets mean things to @realDonaldTrump are poor idiots with no sense. #playnice" True
"@entrepreneur: Just for the record @realDonaldTrump has authored more #1 best selling books than @mcuban. #winning"  10 to be exact-thanks!
.@mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth!
"@Julzz: @realDonaldTrump you got bankrupted 3 times who the hell trusts you with anything"  I never went bankrupt moron!
"@Greenolive_r: @mcuban is trumping the trumpster himself @realDonaldTrump"  Where do you live moron.
@mcuban is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also!
"@johnbravo_1: @realDonaldTrump @kmac5911 @mcuban Hey Donald! What's the best confidence builder?"   Going against losers like Mark Cuban!
"@Taurus_Lovin: @realDonaldTrump - My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas the other day gotta say your Trump building rocks!" Thanks.
"@sisson_travis: @realDonaldTrump when's good for me to head down to doral with the boys? #kimMitchell"  In September
@DonaldJChump   Stupid they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat!
"@kmac5911: who would win on the golf course @realDonaldTrump or @mcuban" Did you ever see Mark swing a club - the power of a little girl!
"@STAR13R: @realDonaldTrump What a show last night! I couldn't believe the outcome! C.A. has been my fave show for a long time!" Great!
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
"@benjamin_abey: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban @dallasmavs So? what the fuck is your problem ? The people love him. Nobody loves him!
"@LynchZC: @realDonaldTrump I think the real solution here is you running for president! Give it a shot! We need it. Thanks!
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of the Deal
.@dallasmavs is 1-12 against the Western Conference’s top four seeds after Sunday’s loss &amp; @okcthunder swept the season series.
Why does @mcuban continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp; 11TH place @dallasmavs with childish behavior? Really unprofessional!
The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump @DoralResort. On April 1 I go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens.
Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a  changing market.
Vattenfall the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen Scotland is having serious financial difficulty.
If @OMAROSA is not in the Board Room I can’t fire her.  @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake.
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” ranked #1 for the 10 o’clock hour among ABC CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin.
@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501  Trump Tower is open to the public.
I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa is not winning points being called “the wicked witch of the Mid-West” and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? That’s a credential… #CelebApprentice
The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when you’re in NYC. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa has another meltdown … while giving a check for $40000 to Michael’s charity the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice
"@gaphotoman: @realDonaldTrump . If mr.Trump would run he would be the best president ever"   Thanks!
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
"@RealJonJenkins: @realDonaldTrump I spent my honeymoon in 2010 at the Trump Intl Las Vegas. Amazing place you've created."  Thanks!
@ANNIKA59    Annika - Thanks you are the GREATEST - We all adore you!
"@LinRo_2: Looking forward to the Apprentice tonight..@realDonaldTrump ..show is still going strong !!!!" Enjoy it Linda!
Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months not two months!
Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C.
Last weeks Dateline which I hosted was the highest rated Dateline since January!
Huff Post "His early morning speech drew a large crowd far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday" and packed by end! The facts.
Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines!
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!
@jheil at @NYMag is such a pathetic reporter who doesn’t want to know the truth. A total Obama flunky &amp; hack.
I watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- I just loved watching them lose.
The CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it.
When you think big you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
"In the general course of human nature a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will." - Alexander Hamilton
There’s a reason @mcuban’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that the team sucks!
CPAC attendees &amp; fellow patriots - lines for my @CPACnews start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early!
When @mcuban had his own show The Benefactor it totally “bombed!”
. @BarbaraJWalters made a great decision in firing @JoyVBehar from @theviewtv. The show will be better without her!
Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!
The DC press corps is obsessed with my @CPACnews speech which is scheduled  tomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them.
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
In making any decision you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence in the end you have to go with your gut!
@AnnAmplf  The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful.
.@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the "New" Blue Monster @DoralResort
.@CPACnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Can’t wait to see everyone.
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why can’t the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH
Lines for my @CPACnews address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013
It’s sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesn’t have to be.  WH should take my offer.
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run.
A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett:  “Donald congratulations again we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.”
My @CPACnews speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks.
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons!
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
According to new employment numbers 296000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work.
If you have built castles in the air your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau
.@CelebApprentice was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics.
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation.
What?!  LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
On the whole the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet.
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
Bret had a target on his back from the get go...
I will be live tweeting during the @ApprenticeNBC tonight at 9PM ET.
How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!
Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day.
Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
"@amowjf: @realDonaldTrump You are a true champion.. just started a company n I'm reading ur book 'the art of the deal' ..tremendous help..
"@Read_N_Learn: @realDonaldTrump first day at Doral was awesome; greens looked perfect. Can't wait to see the course after your changes"
"@j_pala: @realDonaldTrump what's the next step you accomplish so much is there more?" Much more - stay tuned!
“Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product.” – Midas Touch
Notice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp; develop that capacity.
.@morning_joe - Wow - "Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC"
Go to Trump National Doral Miami and watch Tiger Phil Ernie Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ!
John Heilemann the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess!
It’s been great making so many new friends at Trump @DoralResort for the @CadillacChamp. Good luck to everyone!
.@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Make sure @marklevinshow watches!
Dateline NBC featuring yours truly just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder NBC likes me so much! @nbc
Without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building the deeper the foundation needs to be
@homeedmam I wish him the best of luck.
Just arrived at Trump National Doral saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday &amp; see for yourselves!
The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.
Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.
Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. I’ll be there all week
3.  You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP.
2.  The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity…
1.   Each week you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities @CelebApprentice using Twitter…...
Additionally @CelebApprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54  age group.
.@CelebApprentice wins 10-11 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics including most importantly the 18-49 age group.
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on @datelinenbc. It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom.
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132000 a really large sum. Bret on the other hand raised very little...
.@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because “I know how to play the game.” #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
Looks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.
I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.  Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M.
"@Dattan78: @realDonaldTrump thank you for supporting the #wwe back in the early days and now can't wait to see you inducted @WrestleMania"
"@Dattan78: @realDonaldTrump what are your thoughts for being selected into the #2013 Hall of Fame for @WrestleMania. A great honor!
Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close?
"@managerct25: Would love to get a reply from @realDonaldTrump Huge fan of The Celebrity Apprentice and supporter of Mr. Trump. Thanks!
"@JonReidHotchner: @realDonaldTrump I wanna be noticed by the next president of the good ol' US of A any chance of that?" Yes!
"@BlakeSRobinson: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for the big show tomorrow. I've had it circled on the calendar for months." Great Blake!
"@MikeMessina_: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for the @ApprenticeNBC tomorrow!!!!!" Thanks Mike.
"@Coolness156: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump I loved when you called into the Howard Stern show. It was so real and insightful!" Thanks.
@BILLIONIRV.  Thanks for the nice words Irv!
"@PJonCHYM: @realDonaldTrump Other than yourself - what's the ONE reason why I should watch #CelebApprentice this season??" Gary B.
@KHarmDD59. Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S.
Remember Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP@HBO until dopey Bill is canned!
"@Peace_Janise: @realDonaldTrump Celebrity Apprentice is not just great entertainment its also schooling for the business world." Thanks!
"@lilisportsfan: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump will you be at Doral next week so I can shake your hand again on the 5th tee?" Yes!
Champion @Joan_Rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in @CelebApprentice!
“Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.” – Think Big
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
Today marks the one year anniversary of @AndrewBreitbart’s passing. Andrew’s mission &amp; legacy still lives on. @BreitbartNews
Due to popular demand @lisarinna returns to the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Lisa's fans won't be disappointed!
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in we go in hard &amp; quick. Rebuild the US first.
Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless you’re @KarlRove. Then you just blame the Tea Party.
Remember this Sunday I am also featured on @datelinenbc at 8PM right before the premiere of All-Star @CelebApprentice @nbc likes me!
"@JosephbyNature: @realDonaldTrump The Apprentice.Great show!" Thanks.
"@CCtscan2: @realDonaldTrump your opponents can't compete against the ratings machine that you are." Thanks very nice!
"@Petercorio: @realDonaldTrump mark Burnett is an ep on apprentice and the job. Your Producer is also your opponent?" Don't carelove to win
I am happy that "The Job" on CBS the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)!
It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!
Erin Burnett who has no ratings on CNN in prime time now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @CNN should say "no way".
"@JimmieJScott: @realDonaldTrump Did you ever think #TheApprentice would be the ratings machine it is for so long?" No but who ever knows.
Do  not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a  trail.--Ralph  Waldo Emerson
Over the years I've discovered that for a brand to build the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now you deserve it!
I am very proud of @StephenBaldwin7’s performance in the record 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Watch.
Be sure to watch “The History of WrestleMania” on @netflix. My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.
"Being the best requires full-time attention and application.” – Midas Touch
@NattilyAttired @Pontifex I fully understand that side of the argument.
Karl Rove’s ads are the worst in political history!
Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal!—how stupid can we get?
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...
... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence!
The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays less than 2%. Where’s the problem?
"@mrsafetyman110: @realDonaldTrump where do you find the time? and energy? any special diet"  Just have no choice but to move forward.
There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House Iran &amp; China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.
Everyone loves TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu. But wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming @CelebApprentice!
The Pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. It hurts him it hurts the church...
Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of @LateNightJimmy...
…..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan never saw the guy in back.
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have  imagined." --Henry  David Thoreau
Many people have commented that my fragrance “Success”  is the best scent &amp; lasts the longest. Try it &amp; let me know what you think!
@Swift_Vic @LexiArri  They usually put the leftovers on Friday like Shark Tank.
.@GoAngelo—the next time you have a rally @Macy’s try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective!
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!
"@blueice67: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to watch the best show ever!! #theapprentice"   Thanks.
"@CrimmsNchin: @realDonaldTrump your the man Donald . #Trump16" Thanks.
"@camiladerosax: favorite family will always be the trumps @realdonaldtrump"          Thanks.
"@mailloua: @realDonaldTrump The all star @ApprenticeNBC looks awesome from the clip I just watched on @jimmyfallon!!!"    Thanks.
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
Looking forward to the @CadillacChamp at Trump Doral next week 3.6.-3.10.  Can’t wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral
.@tedcruz must be doing something right if @cher sadly rated “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse is attacking him.
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators.  They don’t want Hagel either.  Just following Obama’s orders.
The ruling @GOP consultant class of losers like @KarlRove have no respect for the Tea Party.  They do this at their own peril!
Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice premieres.  Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on @nbc. Big!
One of the reasons I assume I was inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings...
... and pay per view records with “Battle of the Billionaires” in Detroit. It was a wild day!
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...
.....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance "Success"!
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
... Also if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home.
RT @austinroneil: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for all the inspirational quotes. Helping encourage this young entrepreneur. :)
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.
Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!
Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.  It can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on @nbc. Big!
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans and they never answer back. Why aren’t they fighting?
@anchantra  Thanks--the big question is why!
.@MarissaMayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
...So far he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is he can’t stand them!
Speaker John Boehner who I like should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate.
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show...
...Overall the Academy Awards were very average at best.
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen it sucked!
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.
I don't like the opening even a little bit!
Here we go with the Oscars!
Dummy goAngelo keep letting people know how great my shirts ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware!
By popular demand I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!
I'm saying that the Tea Party perhaps by another name will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!
Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party!
...then he who continues the attack wins.” - Ulysses S. Grant
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years they must have a long game plan...
Vince McMahon @WWE and I hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC-@Cadillac Championship on March 6th-10th...
... Will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC-@Cadillac Championship
"Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
What would All-Star @ApprenticeNBC be w/out a Baldwin? @StephenBaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.” – Think Big
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. On March 3rd at 9PM EST @NBC the fireworks return to the Board Room!
My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
.@mcuban you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!
@RothsteinTravis.  Art of the Deal.
@marksrink. A toy next to The Apprentice -  just a friday fill in!
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! @NBC
"The Job" on CBS the 15th copy of The Apprentice was just cancelled - I love it!
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - Douglas MacArthur
.@DianneG @WCNC  To the “news bigs” --  elevate Dianne Gallagher  immediately—she is terrific!
The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone!
I’m really saddened to see that @Cher was voted “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse....
Review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it.
@paul1994loan Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes it's doing well! Thanks.
@scifivision @CelebApprentice  Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it.
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
"Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself." Donald J. Trump
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.  OPEC is laughing at us.
Idiot @billmaher always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity that he expressly offered.
"I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly." - Dr. Jerry Buss
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premiering March 3rd on @NBC features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.
Great to see @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter back on the field.  He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.
If I’m the third most envied man in America the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas.
Wow—Family Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagree—I am very modest.
“If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter.” - George Washington
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain @OMAROSA &amp; @THEGaryBusey are in competition. Fireworks!
I never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way you shouldn’t want to be there either.
@Cynlanjoh Keep up the good work Cynthia.
If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers then you haven’t spent enough time on it.
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews.  Much appreciated.
@MamaBabyHood Thanks--keep up the good work.
.@GOP need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.
The Tea Party is filled with great Americans.  Despite being mistreated by everyone including @GOP they will continue to fight on
If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge we are back to the days of “monopoly.”
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth.
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
She’s back! Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the boardroom in this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Joan is ferocious.
Looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 PM EST.  Be sure to listen!
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
“The harder you work the luckier you  get.” - Gary Player
@AmitchellMo Recognize the opportunity focus on it and don't give up. Luck is often earned.
Every business has surprises hidden dangers beneath the surface and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success.
NY should frack now. What’s the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
I don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
The President’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans don’t know how to handle that—I do.
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
Have confidence work hard and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.
Magician extraordinaire @pennjillette is back in the All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout with five sets of tees ranging from 7540 yards to 5630.
My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing!
It’s okay but why do the haters (&amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
Preview of Obama’s SOTU: More taxes bigger government shrink the private sector end the Republicans &amp; bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp; it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list!
Can you imagine if @billmaher said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country...
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago.  @IngrahamAngle gave a strong speech.  She’s great!
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
I don’t like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch @KarlRove target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
Congratulations to my friend @RoccoMediate on winning the big golf tournament today!
.@BillMaher's so called show on HBO must be the cheapest "special" produced in the history of television--- it sucks!
.@karlrove’s ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Judd—simply increases her profile.
See the Ashley Judd ad by @karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
Is @karlrove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!
Can you imagine if Bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.
@Derrick503 The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal &amp; How To Get Rich.
Back by popular demand this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC sees the return of @claudiajordan! Our fans love her.
@yesterdaybyurs Take the time to make it great.
@ColeneChia116  Thanks Colene--very nice! Keep up the good work.
Karl Rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Democrats try so hard to mock &amp; belittle Republicans—&amp; the Republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!
@ZWLykins  @JohnnyPaulCole Your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas.
Congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @FoxNews 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  What are the dates for the hotel stay?
Look at the solution not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
The best deals are good for everyone which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.
@jayknowles1978 Just the beginning!
“You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicans—for the worse!
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
Had a great time on the @HowardStern show this morning—he will and should never change!
“Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score.The  excitement is playing the game.”–The Art of The Deal
@nick_burrell  The Art of the Deal.
Thanks @SherriEShepherd 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!
“Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.” - David Ogilvy
With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy even more reason to start fracking.  Will create jobs &amp; lower prices.
Glad to hear @BrentBozell @marklevinshow @EWErickson &amp; @TPPatriots are standing up to @KarlRove’s attack on the Tea Party.
Trump @DoralResort is hosting the WGC @cadillacchamp from March 6th – 10th.  Join me--I will be there all four days.
.@BrandenRoderick returns in All-Star @ApprenticeNBC  2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the @billmaher case for me.
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees so make it an example that will best serve your success.
“I also plan to keep making deals big deals and right around the clock.” – The Art of The Deal
If Karl Rove &amp; @GOP Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party who delivered in 2010 then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016.
I am very proud of my friend @OMAROSA. Despite her recent lossshe gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star @ApprenticeNBC
I don’t know whether I will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
As promised my @SuperBowl pick is the San Francisco @49ers.
The upcoming All-Star @CelebApprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given.  We really pushed the envelope
“Be sure you put your feet in the right place then stand firm.” - Abraham Lincoln
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
Little @MacMiller I want the money not the plaque you gave me!
The real estate market in Vietnam is booming.  Growth is everywhere in the world except for the US.
Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race.  Doing my due diligence…
"Well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate." -- The Art of the Deal
"Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need take chances because your biggest successes...
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works." - Think Big
I don’t know why the @yankees keep paying A-Rod—they have a perfect out.
RT @theRealKiyosaki: Donald Trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'--I love it. It is when two ideas intersect &amp; form a new innovation
Champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming "All-Star" @CelebApprentice. Premiere is March 3rd on @NBC at 9 p.m. EST.
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and I said zero!
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himself—I’m the only one who is allowed to do that!
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was @JerryRice!
“Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." The Art of The Deal
@LetendreLarry  Larry send the money to Police Athletic League NYC.
“A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - Henry A. Kissinger
.@TigerWoods is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.  He will have a great year.
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
Is Gov. @BobbyJindal the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the Republicans?
Gov. @BobbyJindal referred to the Republicans as “the stupid party”. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
“Always remember: Dress for the job you want not the job you have.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for President—stay tuned for the answer.
.@lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice All-Stars. Our fans love her.
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.  Must be all that global warming.
One of the country’s dumbest newspapers—The Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. It’s dying. @pbpost
Wow the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Year—thanks!
“One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – The Art of The Deal
The Republicans better be careful.  Obama is out to destroy them!
The real estate market is slowly improving.  Still a great time to buy.  You will thank me in 5 years.
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!
The @nytimes was very nice in reporting that @CelebApprentice was #1 on all television for “top brand impact 2012.” Thank you!
@SecurityLecture  That is not the reason.
Today’s assignment: read Chapter 7 ‘Trump Tower: The Tiffany Location’ of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property.
Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for @CelebApprentice.
.@billmaher has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Bill—you made a deal.
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back.
I still can’t believe we left Iraq without the oil.
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?
Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
Congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving @IsraeliPM.  A great leader.
Back by popular demand @TraceAdkins delivers in the upcoming @CelebApprentice All-Stars season. Yes he sings.
The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent original home...
When the New York Times sold their beautiful long-time building for peanuts &amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profit—they lost me!
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceiling—I am a Republican &amp; I am embarrassed!
Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?  Where’s the media?
The Tea Party delivered the House for @GOP so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!
Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
@PhakzenVanKlipz  Only tell the political truth--thanks.
Part of Obama’s new-found confidence is that the Republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones!
Republicans don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now!
The President’s speech was very combative toward Republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect!
"Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice." - Winston Churchill
“Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances such as percentages and cents...
Get ready for the fireworks between @OMAROSA &amp; @latoyajackson in 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice!  Neither one will back down.
Obama’s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. @BarackObama  does a great job for the country.
I wish President @BarackObama the best of luck in his second term...
Wow...NYT reports @celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
Most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning.    The Art of the Deal
"Take action every day and stay focused for the long haul.” - Think Big
Dummies @Deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media.
I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman vote—thankfully he did not win.
Te’o’s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all time—or he’s very stupid.
The interview was great for @Oprah and terrible for Lance Armstrong!
All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide.
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself "what was I thinking?"
.@BillMaher needs to cut back on the pot and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford.
Dumbass @BillMaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice.
IMO--- Manti Te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of @Deadspin for exposing the Manti Te’o fiasco.
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. I’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for @yankees.  Derek is a true champion.
.@Playboy Playmate of the Year @BrandenRoderick returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice--she is smart &amp; beautiful.
The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if he’s telling the truth
Unlike U.S. China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants we don’t. Stupid!
“You can have the most wonderful product in the world but if people don’t know about it it’s not worth much.” - The Art of the Deal
Can you believe that the Afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home rebuild the U.S. make America great again.
If someone says “I’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet it’s pay up time.
“A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST and 6:00PM EST to the QVC network to watch my wife @MELANIATRUMP...
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  You get what you vote for!
.@nbc did a great job last night with the @GoldenGlobes!
Back by popular demand @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is fierce in the Board Room!
Just as I predicted today Obama called for even more tax increases.  The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.  @GOP really blew it.
According to many and while nominated I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. @PrimetimeEmmys
Is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?—I think so.
By the way folks @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is!
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment.....
“I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.” - The Art of the Deal
I can’t wait to donate @billmaher’s $5 million to charity.  Just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money.
Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.
The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice with @StephenBaldwin.  Stephen does great.
"I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower but I also had a great product." - The Art of the Deal
"People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going." -- @TheEllenShow
New rule for @billmaher: check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
.@NBA hall of famer @dennisrodman brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  This time Dennis is a star!
"If you want to be a success you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it." - Think Big
"Experience is the teacher of all things." -  Julius Caesar
@Tappersong  The opposite!
I hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
The charities I have designated for @billmaher's donations are: Police Athletic League-New York March of Dimes Hurricane Sandy victims....
...American Cancer Society and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.
I have accepted @billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show).
.@billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—I’ve never seen him like that!
“In this game knowledge is the key to power.” - Think Big
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. The biggest yet!
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.
Miss Alabama Katherine Webb has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her!
“Success breeds success.  The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Congratulations to @AlabamaFTBL on winning the BCS championship last night!
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it.” - The Art of the Deal
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesn’t need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.
I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obama’s appetite for more taxes.
"Trump Invitational" at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success.  Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.
.@ArsenioOFFICIAL  Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
The 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice is unique.  We really pushed the envelope here.  Our great and loyal fans will love it.
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.  Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
"I aim very high and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after." - The Art of the Deal
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
I’ll bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
@MarkGhuneim  Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen.
The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiro’s downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon!
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @ChelseaClinton and Pres. Clinton.  Glad she is recuperating.
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq &amp; Afghanistan building roads &amp; schools but can’t get money to the NJ &amp; NY Sandy victims?
The Republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing?
“Think of yourself as a one-man army.  You’re not only the commander in chief you’re the soldier as well.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Premieres March 3rd on @NBC!
“In the end you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish." - The Art of the Deal
@Fleur498  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@jimmyscissor  Isn't that so true! And by the millions.
“If you strike out nobody is going to help you--not your friends not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.”-Think Big
Make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
“If we get tough and make the hard choices we can make America a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – Time to Get Tough
“I always follow my own instincts but I am not going to kid you: it’s also nice to get good reviews.” - The Art of the Deal
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of The Deal
Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do.  So they will probably do it.
@phillykayman The Art of the Deal is a good start.
I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.  I can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t.  #MidasTouch
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures in baseline spending so we can get our credit back.
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.  They can get everything they want.  Focus!
Spolier alert…the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom.
It’s Thursday.  How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp; we would have a Republican president—they wouldn’t listen.
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that @MittRomney never wanted to become President.
Back by popular demand the fabulous @LilJon returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  The fans love him!
When renovations are completed Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S.
Congratulations to @FLGovScott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
“I’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. It’s a natural reflex.” – The Art of The Deal
@lin0729 Yes Regis is the best!
@Earther57 Sounds like the best place!
.@NBC really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.
“Deals are my art form.  I like making deals preferably big deals.” – The Art of The Deal
Dopey @Rosie--I never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit.
.@Rosie--If America's Got Talent uses you the show will fail like all your others!
"Work hard play hard and live to the hilt." - Think Like a Billionaire
"I find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest." - Dalai Lama
@klisitsin  The Art of the Deal.
@KrystianDior The Apprentice will be great!
When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago it was on life support...
...now it’s the “greatest pageant on earth”-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion people—“hot!”
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!
"The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
... So if you want to aim high you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road." - Think BIG
@KevinKuhn5 @VanityFair  Thanks Kevin I tell the truth.
The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoria’s Secret women!
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far!
Okay I think I’m going to do it—I’ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on @NBC
Miss Universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever!
In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageant—airing tonight on @nbc at 8 o’clock.
“Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand the spines of others are often stiffened.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – The Art of The Deal
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.  They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels
In moments like thiswe are all just Americans. I join with the President religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.
A horrible day for Newtown CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
“All the things I love is what my business is all about.” - @MarthaStewart
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @Telemundo.  Will be a beautiful show!
No money wasted like bad ads—the Republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
I let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
Re Real Estate: You don’t necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal…
“The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.  So if you want to aim high you have be able to handle the bumps.”–Think Big
The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
“Fans like winners. They come to watch stars – great exciting players who do great exciting things.” - The Art of The Deal
He’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! @THEGaryBusey returns in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.
Negotiation tip #2:  I always go into the deal anticipating the worst...
...If you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
Negotiation tip #1:  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.
.@GolfMonthly re: my Scottish course “Quite simply this is not the best new links course in the UK it is the best links course full stop"
The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news killing country.
"Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time."  Midas Touch
"If you love your work the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment."  Think Big
"I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should."-The Art of The Deal
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @KarlRove.  He is useless.
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.  My offer still stands to buy the property.  Good deal for everyone.
“You can’t con people at least not for long.  If you don’t deliver the goods people will eventually catch on.” - The Art of The Deal
Great win by the @nyjets yesterday.  If they run the table they will make the playoffs.
I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool.
.@Lord_Sugar  If you didn’t say the iPod would be gone in a year you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
Dopey Sugar—@Lord_Sugar  Isn’t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are!
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.
This is such a special time to be in New York City.  No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!
Back by popular demand TV personality @TheRealMarilu returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  Marilu does great!
I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job! @NickFaldo006
To Tom Brady @patriots and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.
Dopey @Lord_Sugar  People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets...
...@Lord_Sugar  You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
“There are 2 things I’ve found I’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.”–The Art of The Deal
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of Scotland...
Dopey Sugar.@Lord_Sugar  ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice.  Keep making me money.
Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --Douglas MacArthur
...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Don’t bother just keep making me money!
We are way over the fiscal cliff.  And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months it may be too late.
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season.  Really bad deal for @yankees.
Dopey @Lord_Sugar—Look in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US that was a good day for you...
...You have little persona but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar—unlike you I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show you’d be nothing!
... and in my opinion should not be doing The Apprentice.
You’re all wrong—check the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotland’s wind turbines &amp; the people don’t want them.
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage.  She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.
@carloguderian I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't!
Twisted Sister frontman @deesnider shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way!
@JohnG500 @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  The greatest compliment of all--thanks!
@danabrams True--but keep up the good work!
.@johnboehner—if you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff &amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!—Trump 101.
“I like thinking big.  To me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big.” – The Art of The Deal
“I don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.” – Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
The record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of the beautiful @BrandenRoderick. The fans love her!
@Beardymilne @wtfagain David--I hear you are jealous &amp; angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers!
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium be sure to come early.  During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!
A-Rod @Yankees had hip surgery &amp; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the “druggies” have bad hips.
The @Yankees should break A-Rod's contract immediately—he misrepresented.
@Redskins QB @RGIII is a very special player.  He is exciting to watch and smart on the field.  Amazing talent.
How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lost—badly—to me &amp; Andy Murray a true Scot who won the U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold?
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the @Mets.  David is an exceptional player and person.
Fan favorite @LilJon once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  He is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy!
@ld06981p  Larry thank you and keep up the great work!
Great defense by the @nyjets this weekend—congratulations to @woodyjohnson4—only 6 points allowed!
Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NY—an A--&amp; the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th &amp; 5th.
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of Apprentice have been loyal  to NBC.
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the "fiscal cliff."  They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans.
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought ...
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
.@StephenBaldwin7 shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.  The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely…
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race including the big one!
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400M—not one win—(the Republicans better get smart next time)...
... Time for the Republicans to find someone new—and better.
Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
.@nbcnightlynews (Brian Williams anyone?) says women warriors are "every bit as tough as the guys." Just think about that statement!
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
... The Republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days.
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
I’m surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Halle—in the long run it was a wise decision.
@therealhillyard Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular.
Golf Odyssey one of golf's most respected publications just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland "golf course of the year"
Back by popular demand the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of @bretmichaels.  Our fans will be happy.
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek. @Yankees
. @BBCNews’ child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel.  The OPEC monopoly must be broken.  They are robbing our country blind.
The Trump Tower restaurant Trump Grill just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible “A” – the food is also great!
The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp; @AlexSalmond. Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp; Countryside Party.
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart!
"One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
"You can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.” -- The Way To The Top
“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” -- Peter Drucker
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
...Get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country!
Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
I still can’t get over how the Republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads.
"You can benefit from others’ wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer.” -- The Way To The Top
@FromJoachim2You  Congratulations and all the best to you.
Are you ready for the All Star @CelebApprentice?  @TraceAdkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
"The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news.  He will never be our true ally!
With the economy still on a downward trajectory the best investment young people can make now is buying property...
@NathalieS_29  This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere.
@yorkv01  Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy!
When you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler @Newsmax_Media. Hopefully the @GOP can get the message.
Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable bad &amp; expensive energy!
"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare."  -- Dale Carnegie
"Think of yourself like a one-man army.  You're not only the commander in chief you're the soldier as well." – Think Like A Billionaire
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff then they must be accompanied by tangible hard cuts on spending everywhere.
"Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others." -- The Way To The Top
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing "story is dead" and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it!
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!
“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
On December 19th the @MissUniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  Both sides need to work together.
Pres. Obama’s steady support of @Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
.@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice.  Amazing in the boardroom...
.@TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.  With the PMs radical tax rates...
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!
"The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -- Douglas MacArthur
The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.  I bet they wish they had all that money back!
“Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate.” Think Like A Billionaire
The upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice has @lisarinna returning to compete.  She doesn’t disappoint!
The @EricTrumpFDN is doing amazing work helping the children...
I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend @MichaelPhelps—22 Olympic medals—a record that will never be broken.
"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. " -- Mark Twain
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy  during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
"Don't take vacations.  What's the point?  If you're not enjoying your work you're in the wrong job."  -- Think Like A Billionaire
.@redcross CEO’s salary in 2011 was $951957. Where is the outrage?
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry but I must. It's my nature.
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling!
.@LaurenScruggs who was badly injured by an airplane was great on The Today Show!
“Much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation.” – The Art of the Deal
With the run on our dollar about to take place commodity prices will rise. Gold silver &amp; timber will spike-- also certain real estate.
Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.
Congratulations to @Mets @RADickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
"I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on." -- The Midas Touch
@LaurenScruggs who was badly injured by an airplane was great on The Today Show!
President Obama we need to protect our closest ally Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
If the government doesn't start working together the media is right &amp; we will hit a "fiscal cliff."  We need to avoid this.
With our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
"Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt." – Think Like A Billionaire
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza.  An iconic event for New York!
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Florida--great land great location great future!
.@WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
Social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
"I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell."--Harry S. Truman
Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
"You can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much." - The Art of the Deal
The upcoming record 13th season of @CelebApprentice is going to be very special.  Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
“The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.” – Vince Lombardi
"First of all you don't necessarily need the best location.  What you need is the best deal." -- The Art of the Deal
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute!
.@maddow  Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel windmills are terrible for the environment—
My fragrance--"Success"-- is flying off the shelves @Macys. The perfect Christmas gift!
“Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- Andrew Mellon
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing. 
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
Many political pundits are using the term "Art of the Deal".... they should thank me. That is my term and book title.
"Never ever quit never give up" - Donald J. Trump The Art of the Deal.
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
I'm a skeptical guy but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings.
Wow  I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family.
Price gouging at many gas stations $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
It’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank.
.@cyndilauper Condolences on the passing of your uncle and best wishes.
.@antbaxter Only the stupid @BBC would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble.
.@antbaxter  Anthony—did you illegally take clips from the Letterman @Late_Show show and @GolfChannel without their approval?
.@antbaxter Dummythanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeen—sales are thru the roof &amp; Aberdeen seeing big benefits.
Why do so many people say I hate President Obama—I don’t hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
@antbaxter @Salon @antbaxter—Apprentice is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap &amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop.
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last &amp; yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
I got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Of the 9 battleground states we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of @NCGOP &amp; glad I delivered keynote at their state convention.
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
At the end of the day Obama won the battleground states by less than 500000 votes. This was a winnable race.  GOP needs to do better!
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction now is the time to buy a house if you can.  Can get a great deal.
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.  They love a weak America that they can rip off.
It is that time of the year.  The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park.  The greatest ice rink in the country.
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire @hardball_chris for his  comments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused.
A test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @ABC (other than his bad ratings).
“A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- J. P. Morgan
Now that the election is over watch Chrysler ship @Jeep production to China--my prediction.
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  We will fight on!
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to @BarackObama’s second term.
Congrats to @KarlRove on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race @CrossroadsGPS ran ads in the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
Millions without electricity across NY &amp; NJ. The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
Pervert alert.  @RepWeiner is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18 block him immediately.
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
Brian if I'm "well past the last exit to relevance" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @NBCNightlyNews
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! @NBCNightlyNews
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. @NBCNightlyNews
The voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error!
The only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster!
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
Well back to the drawing board!
I love show "Law and Order" but the @MRbelzer casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable!
I have had the pleasure of getting to know @AnnDRomney &amp; @MittRomney this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong vote for @MittRomney.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
.@ABFalecbaldwin  Alec--it's not science it's a con--read the e-mails.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina.  There is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet.
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters make sure you report it immediately.
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems notify the poll workers.
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines don't let your vote be stolen
In the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald!
Despite the upcoming election the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
China is worried. The polls are trending for @MittRomney. They won’t be able to steal from us anymore.
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
@mcuban ---- Do you mean the President's birthplace?
.@mcuban Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered “dead television.” Besides you are not the star (&amp; never will be).
Obama just stated "It's always good to ignore Donald Trump." I state he is right especially when the truth is against him.
.@mcuban Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team--- but I don’t think you have the money anyway.
"I believe in the America that never gives up never stops striving never ceases believing in itself." -- @MittRomney 11.2.12
.@mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @ABC.
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
.@CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
Undecideds in OHPA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama.
Make sure to catch @history’s season finale of “The Men Who Built America” on Sun November 11th.  Great show.
Reality TV’s #1 Bad Girl @OMAROSA is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.   She is great as always.
Could be the hurricane helps @MittRomney--people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
Obama has destroyed the middle class.  In ’09 median household income was $55198.  Now it is $50678.  Four more years?
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the @Yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Interestingly the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
.@Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move @Jeep jobs to China after the election.
With long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the country—Miami is hot!
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
President Obama missed the deadline!
You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
Do you believe @algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
"The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." -- Dale Carnegie
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
President Obama if it is important to you I will substantially increase the $5M offer!
President Obama please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
Congratulations to @MittRomney on getting the @DMRegister @NewYorkPost @NewYorkObserver &amp; @NashuaTelegraph endorsements!
Spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice...
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice once he releases all of his records.
In the spirit of transparency Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate and I would be a star.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
The polls &amp; momentum  are trending towards @MittRomney. Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!
Fans shouldn't worry.  We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of @CelebApprentice appropriately due to the storm.
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
Scary.  Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years?
Glad to hear that @taylorswift13 will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5.  Taylor is terrific!
Let’s be honest if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12 the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?
I never fall for scams.  I am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘Ali G’ interview
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
The election is trending towards @MittRomney. Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the storm--thanks staff!
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap I would have been lambasted from coast to coast.
Because of the hurricane I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
Dave Letterman @Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was "probably" born in the US--the word "probably" is a disaster for Obama.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
I guess @BillMaher saw my ratings on the @Late_Show the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill you are no Letterman.
A lot changed when David Letterman said " he was probably born in this country"--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
@johnsununu is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John!
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial @sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
By the way where is @Oprah? Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway who cares I adore Oprah.
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
The election is still close but trending toward @MittRomney. He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
Wow! Letterman show @Late_Show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the @huffingtonpost. How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.
Stupid Arianna @huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section...
@seketa77  I hope so for the charity's sake
@LianneOnLife I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity.
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman @Late_Show audience I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by @TraceAdkins
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
Letterman @Late_Show was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
"The dealmaker is cunning secretive focused and never settles for less than he wants." --The America We Deserve
Doing David Letterman @Late_Show tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.  Everyone wins.  Take the deal.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv--Why did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?)
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about @Rosie. Besides I get great ratings on The View.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv  Barbara unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it!
Excited to announce that @GiulianaRancic &amp; @BravoAndy will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
Just stated by a total pro: "You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking."
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for @MittRomney.  It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the @NCGOP convention.
In light the Benghazi emails released last night it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
... By releasing his records he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
I just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
Third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008 American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." -- Sun Tzu
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
.@BBC should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
Thank you to @DailyTelegraph reviewer @NeilMidgley who stated "'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...
Last night was the first time Obama said "we" instead of "I" in respect to Bin Laden's killing.
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Laden’s killing not the President.
.@MittRomney should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate.
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "Ok go get him"?
No matter what happens in the election @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it even with his terrible record.
I always said that @lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping he gave his enemies an opening.
The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
Well this is it the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
Obama planted that @nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
Derek get well soon the @Yankees need youl.
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at @Cadillac--- the cars are fantastic.
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%
Where were all the @VanityFair exposes on "When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?"  Sad!
Rev.@BillyGraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on @MittRomney.
Both Barack and @MittRomney were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
A lot of the @Yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
I hope @boyscouts of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
Obama has called Libya attack "a bump in the road" and "not optimal." Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
So many tweets &amp; stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken.
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp; Herman Cain @JobCreatorsUSA on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out!
Great decision by Donald Graham @Newsweek to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
Something really bad happened to the @Yankees psyche--much like our President!
@Rosie @realDonaldTrump  Thanks for the info Rosie--get well.
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
@toddulu @Nationals I hope that's the reason--otherwise just plain stupid.
@NeanderthalMan1 @MittRomney  I was referring of course to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy.
The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
Clinton commented in Ohio today that @MittRomney is right the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
When Strasburg leaves @Nationals for another team for more money will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?
While the next season of @CelebApprentice is packed w/ All Stars ours fans will be happy to see @Joan_Rivers in the board room.She is back!
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to @Marlins. If A-Rod is not a @yankee next year the fans will be happy.
I think the @yankees will win today. Unlike A-Rod CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays however.
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
"The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public there is no bigger thrill than that." --Vince McMahon @WWE
@womenzbinder Check the records dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!
Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp; the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul @FollowTurkey Annual Gala Dinner
"When we're talking about math that doesn't add up how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years." --@MittRomney
.@ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
Michael Vick of the Philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
Just read about my friend @HulkHogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
While the @Yankees look like they quit and are finished they won't quit for CC
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
All the guys that said @MittRomney would lose are rapidly coming on board.  Mitt will remember the early helpers.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically environmentally &amp; aesthetically.
Remember new "environment friendly"  lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care.
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities.
My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp; all the "biggies." It's like having your own newspaper.
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
Remember I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it he broke his foot.
At the debate the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying why didn't he do it?  He lost me a long time ago.
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
I was just told by one of the top @PGATOUR players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
For political purposes only Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp; @Denver_Broncos in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.
If the @yankees can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win!
I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.
Between Libya the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President.
.@reince is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
.@History's wonderful "The Men Who Built America" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing I'll be live tweeting the debate
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on @foxnews and @CNBC draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit I wish the stuff worked.
I can confirm the reports--@BillRancic my first season winner will be returning to this All-Star season of @CelebApprentice.
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt.
Based on very popular demand I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate.
"The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government." -- @MittRomney
"Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride let time go by."Donald J. Trump
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for @MittRomney supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
No I wasn't at the @Yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go they win.
Tonight despite everything put A-Rod in the lineup. 
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason. 
They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer.
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
I told you whenever I go to a @Yankees game the @Yankees win.
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." -- Warren G. Bennis
Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
"What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy." --@PaulRyanVP
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
Great to hear that our loyal @CelebApprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
I'm going to the @Yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.
Doing the @todayshow with @MLauer was great- I really like Matt.
@dennisrodman @ApprenticeNBC Great to have you back for the best season yet!
"Wing bangers"-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S.
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Why the hell did we help the Libyan "rebels" in the first place. That is the real scandal.
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. @yankees would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
.@Apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the @todayshow with @MLauer
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it "mildly" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter.
"When everything seems to be going against you remember that the airplane takes off against the wind not with it." -- Henry Ford
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall.
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
"You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird."  -- @MittRomney
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
Receiving thousands of thank you letters from @LibertyU students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!  Great people.
"It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes." Be careful of voter fraud!
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
Remember Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate  Thursday night. It will be very interesting I promise.
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks…
Mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.
With these record high gas prices what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly after the election!
In the end Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again a lot.
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also not a pressure player.
California gas prices going thru the roof others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
Greece should get out of the euro &amp; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time.
Congratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @NFL record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry @jack_welch's jock.
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial death penalty.
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate.  A new record.  See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
“The team with the best players wins.” -- @jack_welch
.@acuconservative's #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. @MittRomney even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama
My friend @GovChristie called it--@MittRomney recast the race.
"Mr. President you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house but not to your own facts." --@MittRomney
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
Congrats to @Yankees on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
The upcoming season of @CelebApprentice will be terrific--a great cast.
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
As a big job creator I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.
"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." --Sun Tzu
Obama's '07 speech which @DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
It's Tuesday how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
Under Obama Iran has taken over Iraq Al Qaeda has taken over Libya the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst  foreign policy ever.
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have @MittRomney win the election than his @nyjets win games shows real patriotism.
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S.
"Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything success makes it more fragile." --The Art of the Deal
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
Only 36 days until the election. @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
"If we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas Edison
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad @AmbassadorRice wasn't there.
It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science.
"To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time." --'Midas Touch' with @theRealKiyosaki
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
The @rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events.
.@LisaLampanelli  You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@BENJAMINPRICE18  Go for the gold standard--aim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work.
I hope the @RNC is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said "we have a black Muslim in the White House."
"Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." -- The Art of the Deal
How long will it take for chants-- "bring back the replacement refs" -- when a bad call is made?
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader.
40 days until the election. Crunch time. @MittRomney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
No matter how good the replacement refs do they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
"For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve."  -- Aristotle
Pres. O -- a "bump in the road" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
.@Matt_Berry87  Piers did a great job--the interview was very important.
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.
Obama will be going on @theviewtv &amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice. The 'All Stars' are hard at work...
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years.
One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time in particular its very ugly "skin."
"Even if you're on the right track you'll get run over if you just sit there." --Will Rogers
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @MittRomney has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
The Emmys are all politics that's why despite nominations The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over.
"Amazing Race" winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
...but interestingly the same people seem to be lucky.
I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (@IvankaTrump agrees)
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." --Albert Einstein
It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.
Yesterday I was in Washington D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.
QE3 a political favor for Obama will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available @Macys? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties shirts fragrance-great gifts.
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
Filming for @CelebApprentice Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
The majority of Americans agree with @MittRomney's comments on @Israel and Iran.
With 49 days until the election @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
"A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have." -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln
It's Monday how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
With 50 days until the election it is #TimeToGetTough for @MittRomney &amp; @GOP
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
"Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money."--Johnny Cash
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
Hey @KimKardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for @MittRomney.
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read "The Art of the Comeback."
@Shawn_Maynard  This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific.
RT @MittRomney: For nearly 4 years Barack Obama has refused to crack down on China's cheating &amp; American workers have paid the price.
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
I hate @USAToday's redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing.
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "Donald Trump."
.@MittRomney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama who put these radicals in power deserves blame.
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @MittRomney.
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
Filming of the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
If Obama was smart he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." -- Vince Lombardi
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
"Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to @Israel." -- @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again I was right.
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military.
I hope the @GOP realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.
"If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party." -- @limbaugh
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
"You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals."--General George S. Patton
"President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people"--Clint Eastwood
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
A lot of people strongly advised me against doing @ApprenticeNBC. Next week we start filming the record 13th seasonHence go with your gut!
If @BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
There are now 119000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88921000 Americans are no longer in the work force.
Drew Peterson a real sleaze just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from @MittRomney.
Scary--while @BarackObama has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
"We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion" -- @MittRomney
After @BarackObama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
The delegates at the @DNC convention keep shouting "Four More Years." Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes @BarackObama?
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing apparel and fragrances @Macy's? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts etc.
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136260 per household a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the @Late_Show. It's simple--I get the ratings!
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @DNC convention yesterday it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during @BarackObama's term.
With our national debt passing $16T during the @DNC convention @BarackObama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
The media can track down @PaulRyan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find @BarackObama's college applications or other info.
Smart move by @BarackObama having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the @DNC convention keynote.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots @PennState that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report.
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. @MittRomney won't let them cheat us anymore.
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
.@GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night. People love him.
"If you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome."  -- Michael Jordan
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. @BarackObama could have stopped this.
I am impressed with how clearly @PaulRyanVP explains the challenges we face and the solutions @MittRomney will bring as President.
I wonder what @JoeBiden was thinking last night as @PaulRyanVP delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
"After four  years of getting the run-around America needs a turnaround and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney." @PaulRyanVP
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!
"Let me say it as clearly as possible that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me." -- @GovMike Huckabee
Congratulations to @GovMikeHuckabee on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
Only two weeks until we start shooting @CelebApprentice. We really have something amazing for the fans this year.
Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand how do OPEC &amp; the speculators get away with this?!
I am astonished that the media continues to lie. @BarackObama gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
"New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency." -- @bobmcdonnell
Great speech by my good friend @GovChristie. He did something you won't hear at @BarackObama's convention---tell the truth.
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has @BarackObama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
Happy to hear that @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom chapters are at the @RNC convention supporting @MittRomney. We must be united to win!
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges etc
Don't think my statement on @ariannahuff was harsh if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow.
The US Navy wants to go "green." Our Navy should use the best &amp; most powerful fuel &amp; not play games. Give me a break!
As usual the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp; ratings!
It is very sad to see what @BarackObama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the @GOP can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and quite honestly wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. @hardball_chris
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called "birther" issue? No more apologies--take the offensive!
"The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success." --Irving Berlin
.@BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
I am sure the @NCGOP will do a great job bracketing the @DNC convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and @RNC convention. Will be fun!
I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
.@BarackObama is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
The independent watchdog who exonerated @BarackObama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52500 to Obama's campaign.
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....
Amazing--@VanityFair survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...
In any business venture remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours.
"Statesman of the Year" in Sarasota FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout.
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York @CardinalDolan will be delivering the benediction at the @RNC convention.
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue.
Here's a sneak peek at the @DNC convention theme:  "It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh and government built it."
.@BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him "too seriously."
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time @MLB hit leader.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. @BarackObama can't be bothered he is too concerned with @MittRomney's taxes.
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
Only three weeks until the new season of @CelebApprentice begins filming--great all-star cast.
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.
Glad to hear that @JimTalent has put some strong anti-China referendums in the @GOP convention platform.
In less than a week I'll be honored by  Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp; then give my big surprise to @RNC convention. Will be fun!
Congratulations to Billy Payne and  @AugustaNational on doing the right thing.
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
Scary thought--@JoeBiden is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon
Congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
.@MittRomney &amp; @PaulRyanVP get what needs to be done to reign in China. @BarackObama gets kicked around by the Chinese.
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of @SaakashviliM. A great American ally.
"The harder I work the luckier I get." -- Samuel Goldwyn
Palm Springs CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!
I always said @BarackObama will attack Iran in some form prior to the election.
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at @WWE.
I wonder what the work atmosphere is like @VanityFair. It must be hard working at a dying institution.
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or @BarackObama as President?
The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it!
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after @JoeBiden gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
The @Lakers should have an amazing team next year with Kobe Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch.
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get! @Linda_McMahon
My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully he will win! @richardmourdock
Nobody wants wind turbines they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
"The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago." -@MittRomney
Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of @CelebApprentice will be getting a much bigger treat!
By the US winning the Olympic medal count we proved that both the American spirit &amp; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!
Glad to hear @GovChristie will be delivering the Keynote for the @RNC convention. He will deliver a strong message.
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the @RNC convention. Everyone will love it.
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals including first place gold.
“Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.” -- @PaulRyanVP
The Chicago machine is scared. @PaulRyanVP shows that @MittRomney will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
Today @BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota FL when I receive the "Statesman of the Year" award.
As we told the @nydailynews I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong!
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
The brand new season of @CelebApprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.
Have you been to the @TrumpGrill in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
.@BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie Cheat &amp; Steal in all international dealings.
The NYPost reports "@VanityFair Magazine dropped 18% to only 283938 newsstand copies sold." Very sad &amp; their bloggers are doing even worse!
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
Glad that @MittRomney is hitting @BarackObama on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp;  ruined US credit.
Glad to hear that @FLGovScott will be speaking at the @RNC Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?
I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
I went to @MikeTyson's play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog.
The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @MittRomney's taxes.
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
Congratulations to @MichaelPhelps on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Over 150000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. @BarackObama is a disaster!
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @BarackObama. He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
@taylorswift13 Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
The deficits under @BarackObama are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
"Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November."-- @Newsmax_Media's cover "The Trump Effect"
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
.@MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
Enjoying the Olympics.  Great coverage by @NBC as well. GO TEAM USA!
Another example of @BarackObama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going Missy!
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1% down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. I guess @BarackObama's plan is not working!
.@BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning @MittRomney's diplomatic skills.
The difference between @MittRomney and @BarackObama's campaign promises to @Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention.
Why has @BarackObama allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the @whitehouse? What Hope &amp; Change!
The @nyjets are going to have a terrific season. @Mark_Sanchez &amp; @TimTebow will do great things on the field.
I am confident when American public gets to know @MittRomney the race will go his way. He's honorable &amp; successful man--polls looking good.
Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.
The Audacity of @BarackObama--the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
By folding Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn.
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
Hope &amp; Change--since @BarackObama has taken office the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why China &amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
Congratulations to @BarackObama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
The @Yankees acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play.
"Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make."The Art of The Deal
The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
I am impressed with the scam @BarackObama pulled but the truth will come out.
Irresponsible! In the last 6 months @BarackObama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
The new @BarackObama motto - "You Own Nothing Not Even Your Own Success" ...
What's more important for the American public to have? @MittRomney's tax returns or @BarackObama's sealed records?
As I always said the "Birthers" were after the truth. Thanks to @RealSheriffJoe @BarackObama can't hide anymore.
The class warfare being played by @BarackObama is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
For the sake of transparency @BarackObama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.
"The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." -- Sun Tzu
A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player.@Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended.
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee
I wonder why @BarackObama is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?
Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin!
"Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility economic security and the expansion of the middle class." - @MittRomney
Today @MittRomney addressed the NAACP. @BarackObama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the @MLB All-Star Game.
"However beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results." -- Winston Churchill
The liberal media is focusing on @MittRomney's bank records. How about reviewing @BarackObama's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
.@MittRomney should not give any other further information until @BarackObama releases the things that everyone wants to see----
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
Gotta hand it to @IvankaTrump she loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmax
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax
As I anticipated Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed.
Today @BarackObama is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
I don't care what people say I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --General Douglas MacArthur
Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
Great news--here comes the Tea Party! @MittRomney has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.
Had a great time with @MittRomney last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect @MittRomney this November.
The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!
Wow the Supreme Court passed @ObamaCare. I guess @JusticeRoberts wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew.
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." --Benjamin Disraeli
It is terrible that @BarackObama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. @MittRomney's election will end the @BarackObama downturn.
"Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterwards." --Vernon Sanders Law
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. @BarackObama never should have abandoned Mubarek.
The @BarackObama campaign took in $39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!
Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19000 rapes last year.
The USC should be ruling any day now on @ObamaCare. Hopefully we will get the right result.
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious there are clearly at least two cover ups in @BarackObama's White House.
Now is the time to buy housing before values have fully recovered. In 5 years remember I told you so.
Congrats to Roger Clemens he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.
On Friday @VPBiden said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has @BarackObama done about it the last 3 years?!
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- John Wooden
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us then we need to return the favor.
Today's announcement by @BarackObama on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
Now is the time for the @GOP to be united with the mission of electing @MittRomney this November. Stop with the public divisions.
I wonder when we will be able to see @BarackObama's college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
"Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it." --Dwight D. Eisenhower
Great players in sports make the game fun to watch. @DerekJeter has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional.
"I don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of (@BarackObama) picking losers" --@MittRomney
"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --Vince Lombardi
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
Thanks to @BarackObama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
The Euro put in place to hurt the U.S. is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think.
"Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." --Winston Churchill
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
As one of Miamii's largest landowners I am pulling for the @MiamiHEAT in the @NBA finals. Lebron's time is now! @KingJames
"The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job." --Michael Gerber
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st @TheInvestShow
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation.
Last Friday's gaffe by @BarackObama claiming that the private sector "is doing fine" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
.@MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
Thanks to @TheRealMarilu a great woman for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant.
Accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
It's good to see that @FLGovScott is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections Voter fraud must be broken.
Why is @BarackObama spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!  #wolfblitzercnn
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for @nbc--NBC won the evening. Thank you Donald.
.@BillClinton was very nice to me as I am to him on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan
We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. @ScottKWalker's victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers.
What a foolish move by @davidaxelrod to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the @MittRomney campaign.
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition coming from Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino in Las Vegas
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun.
Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
Does anyone believe that @BarackObama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP
"The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'"--Orison Swett Marden
It was an honor to be with @MittRomney the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat @BarackObama and be a tremendous POTUS.
The @MittRomney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
I want to see @BarackObama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
Perhaps @BarackObama's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
Pres @BarackObama expects @MittRomney to play nice like @SenJohnMcCain--it's not going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different.
"For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve."   Aristotle
The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him they will lose.
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks President Obama. @BarackObama
"Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! @Cadillac
What a series the @nyrangers @NHLDevils is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @MittRomney will be a great POTUS.
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. @Sacha_B_Cohen
I loved Walter Cronkite one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. @DanRatherReport
Rev. Wright called @BarackObama on tape a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under @BarackObama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Congratulations to @DavidWright of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also a fantastic guy.
The @Yankees must re-negotiate @AROD's contract. He is not the same player without drugs.
"The best vision is insight." --Malcolm Forbes
"Diligence is the mother of good luck."--Benjamin Franklin
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks.
Congratulations to my friend @limbaugh on being named to the "Hall of Famous Missourians." Rush is a great guy &amp; a great character.
Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. @TIME
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot.
Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles.
If the press can report stories from @MittRomney's dorm years then why can't it find @BarackObama's college and law school transcripts?
Who's the flip flopper? @MittRomney has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Congratulations to @IsraeliPM @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
The polling numbers show a close race. @MittRomney needs all of our support.
Georgetown should not host @KathleenSebelius for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
"Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality." #MidasTouch
VOTE 4 @mariamenounos &amp; derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401
What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
We must keep the pressure on @BarackObama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if @BarackObama tried them in NYC?
"Much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation." #TheArtofTheDeal
Looks like my work here is done bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet. Keep watching @ApprenticeNBC every Sunday 9/8c.
#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet
#SweepsTweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for @arsenioofficial.
Remember the huge amount of money raised by @JohnRich and company… #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person
#sweepstweet @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?
How will the client react? They’ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet
Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have. #sweepstweet
In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
With today's struggling job numbers it is clear that there is one choice this November. @MittRomney can turn the economy around.
Mariano Rivera Yankee pitcher is the greatest ever. Get well fast.
Congratulations to the @thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the @washcaps. Great game last night!
We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.
Good Morning America is thrilled @Rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @GMA
He @johnedwards is bad but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. @johnedwards
Congratulations to the @NYRangers on bringing the series home last night.
I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon.
"More than anything else I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes." #TheArtofTheDeal
Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama.
I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star @REPWEINER was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).
#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC CBS and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating.
Yesterday was @BarackObama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans @axlrose.
One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.
He @FLGovScott handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.
"Look if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well."TimeToGetTough
I'll be on THe Willis Report  @GerriWillisFBN today at 5 pm EST
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until @BarackObama is out of the White House.
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
Good news--@RickSantorum did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto @BarackObama -- go get him Mitt!
Congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. @BarackObama's friends are enemies of the US and @Israel. The Islamist winter is here.
While @BarackObama criticizes the GOP budget his own party graded him with an "F" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0.
My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!
"Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." #TheArtofTheDeal
"The @BarackObama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud." #TimeToGetTough
"The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." #TheArtofTheDeal
@marcorubio's endorsement of @MittRomney shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat @BarackObama.
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Whether @RepPaulRyan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
Just bought Doral Hotel &amp; Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country.
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of @TrayvonMartin. I support a full investigation and justice.
Congratulations to @BarackObama for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
Give great credit to @GeorgeClooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
I commend @DrZuhdiJasser for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
@NicolletteSheridan lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy.
@MittRomney has won the most delegates received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat @BarackObama.
He @RickSantorum should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on @BarackObama.
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
Personally I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.
The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is @MittRomney. The primary is over.
Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class but will soon be The Best.
Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. @RayKelly
As an "honorary Buckeye" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting @MittRomney over the top. It was a crucial win.
Someone should ask @BarackObama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
Today will be a Super Tuesday for @MittRomney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
I fully support the @NYPD @MayorBloomberg and @CommissionerKelly. They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized.
He made a great contribution to the press--@AndrewBreitbart will be missed.
@BarackObama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. @BarackObama
After Super Tuesday every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: @MittRomney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. @BarackObama should open more land for drilling not tap the reserve.
In last night's #CNNDebate @MittRomney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
The more I get to know @MittRomney the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
If the GOP will have any chance to beat @BarackObama in November the great people of Michigan need to support @MittRomney's candidacy.
Weakness is very dangerous: @BarackObama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
He @MittRomney gets the China problem why don't the others?
The recession was made worse by @BarackObama. A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
When the economy is bad @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
RT: @thedailybeast: Polling shows the @AmericansElect movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory...
@HangersMensLine  My agenda is such that I can't meet with you but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best.
@The_Joey  That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch.
@BarackObama's budget funds the "Arab Spring" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
So wrong! @BarackObama is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
@BarackObama’s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention.  He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!
“As someone once put it ‘Marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program God ever created.’” #TimeToGetTough
@MittRomney will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: @BarackObama lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.
The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.
Q/A @stalkinpeople  Yes I'd give the real numbers.
@Misterglorious  I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection.
ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. @BarackObama
@nathanfuchs @lawrence He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink!
Why is @MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Many many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk @BarackObama benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.
The Prayer Breakfast was used by @BarackObama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!
All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat @BarackObama.
Keystone must be approved through Congress. @BarackObama is costing America over 20000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that @BarackObama is the main target. He must not be reelected.
Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on @AccessHollywood tonight.
“We need more grown-ups in Washington people who will shoot straight and level with the American people.” #TimeToGetTough
All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!
It has been 1000 days since @BarackObama has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and @BarackObama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat not Israel's right to self-defense.
The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @BarackObama is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
Playing politics with the Keystone decision? @BarackObama vetos 20000 jobs and cheaper oil.
“To state the obvious if any business operated the way the government does it would go under.” #TimeToGetTough
“@BarackObama may have been a good ‘community organizer’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.” #TimeToGetTough
While @BarackObama is slashing the military he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.
Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !
With unempoyment over 10% in 2009 @BarackObama held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people!
OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And @BarackObama still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why @BarackObama can't manage to pass his agenda.
This is why @TimTebow is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.
"Sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs Obama has been a total disaster."  #TimeToGetTough
"If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them those countries should pay for the protection."  #TimeToGetTough
"People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough
"Nobody cares" about the Iowa straw poll is what @JonHuntsman said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
"I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces." #TimeToGetTough
Michele Bachmann got less than 1200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
"To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system" #TimeToGetTough
"The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.'" #TimeToGet Tough
"The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax tax tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work"  #TimeToGetTough
I will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending waste fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed.
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and @BarackObama defends them.
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. @BarackObama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book "The America We Deserve" and the collapse of Iraq in @TimeToGetTough.
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
"It's important that we help poor people to become independent self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work." #TimeToGetTough
The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
@TrumpCollection tops @TravlandLeisure 500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats @TrumpNewYork @TrumpLasVegas @TrumpChicago @TrumpSoHo
The Keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.
The habitual vacationer @BarackObama is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++  while there is 20% unemployment.
The Keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. @BarackObama says No!
The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
“Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car you pay 45.8 cents in state local and federal taxes.” #TimeToGetTough
“The thing about high corporate tax rates is that in the end companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill consumers do.” #TimeToGetTough
My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
He is delusional: @BarackObama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
"The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation."  #TimeToGetTough
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage @BarackObama but failed to mention Jesus.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
"People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough
China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China?
Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!
The lightweight @JonHuntsman used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
So biased: @TIME made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. @TIME celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.
With the number of tweets sad sack @Rosie has done she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
The habitual vacationer @BarackObama has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
The Mullahs laughed when @BarackObama "asked" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
"We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." #TimeToGetTough
"So if Iran is going to take over the oil I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq."#TimeToGetTough
Save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @Rosie--a true loser.
Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? @BarackObama. We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president@BarackObama has "asked" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough
Look here's  the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough
We need a dealmaker in the White House who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough.
@Amazon sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry.
@BarackObama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
Why did @BarackObama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
I was on a tele-townhall with @TeamBachmann and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-@iontv debate. No loyalty.
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? @BarackObama wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Iowa Congressman @SteveKingIA has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's @Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat @BarackObama then they should read #TimeToGetTough.
#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes national security the debt dealing with OPEC and China and defeating @BarackObama.
Looks like the line has started be sure to join me for book signing  @TImeToGetTough starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower.
Why does @BarackObama continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre "workplace violence."
You know what is the worst part of @BarackObama's Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
Happy to have @ralphreed and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. FFC  is a great organization.
Excited to have @SarahPalinUSA's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. Sarah is terrific.
"The Architect" @KarlRove is directly responsible for losing both houses & @BarackObama becoming President. Ignore him.
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - @iontv debate? More debate is always better.
President Reagan put it best: "Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence."
Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough
First there was the Declaration of Independence then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today.   The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
The new job figures don't include 315000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
He ruins the brand: @Robertgbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews . As CM for Mondale in '84 you lost 49 states. Sad!
If "The Art of the Deal" is a must read then #TimeToGetTough" is my opus.  It is available Dec 5th!
Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating @BarackObama.
The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough
He ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews. As CM for Mondale in '84 you  lost 49 states. Sad!
The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.
The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.
Why does @BarackObama support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
The failure of the "Super Committee" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. "Time is money"---The Art of the Deal.
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough
The habitual vacationer--@BarackObama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.  He failed to lead again.
Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.  We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
When the Super Committee fails @BarackObama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan.
If @BarackObama wanted the "Super Committee" to succeed he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?
The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces.  It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
Why is @BarackObama delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough
Regardless of the USC's ruling ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.
Crude has skyrocketed since @BarackObama delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20000 jobs gone but family budgets are tightening.
The Federal government  has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed.
In the span of two months @BarackObama the habitual vacationer has called America "soft" and lazy." He loves to criticize America.
My new book  Time To Get Tough  comes out  on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.
“When mistakes are made and they will be the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place.” – The Midas Touch.
Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden.
@BarackObama has increased the EPA budget by over 150%.  The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs.  It sends jobs overseas.
@BarackObama has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
@BarackObama the habitual vacationer called America "lazy" this past weekend while in Hawaii.
@BarackObama made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @BarackObama must be defeated.
To the brave men and women past and present in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day.
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.  Our ally @Israel is in a perilous position.  We must stand behind @Israel.
The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is  simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.
The Fed should not bail out the EU.  Europe's financial mess is their problem not our problem!
Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well.  @THEHermancain
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night.
The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money.
The @SuperCommittee will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
Instead of trash talking @PMIsrael on the world stage @BarackObama should be defending @Israel.
Some @OWS protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party.
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
The economy won't fully recover until  @ObamaCare is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did @BarackObama promote the "Arab Spring"?
The  @SuperCommittee must cut spending not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem not a revenue problem.
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal.  Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. @BarackObama spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. @BarackObama is out of touch.
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @BarackObama's damage.
Does @BarackObama ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!
The job plan by @BarackObama is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.
Why did @BarackObama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector.
Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this?
The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!
@BarackObama claims that all his choices were "the right ones." I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree.
Bob Beckel a commentator for FOX is bad for the @FoxNews brand:  @BobBeckel is close to incompetent.
"Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities."  -- Midas Touch w/@atheRealKiyosaki
Both @BarackObama and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic  window is closed.
Late last Friday @BarackObama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
@Johnboehner: Stop "The China Curse" --- Pass the China Currency Bill!
China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @BarackObama at the White House.
Stop "The China Curse" -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill!
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's  show On the Record which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m.
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.
I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich.
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth.
The only job @BarackObama cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.
@BarackObama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?
Why is the UN condemning @Israel and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.
China is threatening Washington over the currency bill.  We should pass it immediately.
@BarackObama sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels.  They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage?
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville VA for a press conference and the grand opening.
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of @AmandaKnox---great news!
@THeCelebrityApprentice  cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs  in February.
Sadly Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine.
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs.  It has to stop!
@BarackObama said yesterday that we have "gone soft." How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't?
The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @BarackObama doesn't get it.
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.
China does not negotiate from a position of strength we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute.
@JonHuntsman has zero chance of getting the nomination. Whoever said I wanted to meet him? Time is money and I don't waste mine.
When will @BarackObama present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
"Sleepy" Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert.
ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy.
"If you're going to think--think big" --- The Art of the Deal
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against @Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC.
"It  doesn't cost any money to think bigger."  -- The Art of the Deal
@BarackObama---great job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.
@BarackObama -- honored and excited to be listed on @AttackWatch. Thanks. BTW -- where are the jobs?   Donald.
I applaud @netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend @Israel. A true US friend and great leader.
We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
The Solyndra Scandal--@BarackObama's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
@BarackObama's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square.  5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8.
@BarackObama will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing @Bobturner9th -- @Israel is our friend and ally.
The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.
How can the economy ever recover when @BarackObama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
The American economy would grow if Washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under @BarackObama.
Very exciting. I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
@BarackObama---the stimulus will fail just like the first.
Why is the UN planning to attack @Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
Fast and Furious   gun running goes all the way to the White House.  We need answers now!
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at @BarackObama.
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - @BarackObama should answer all questions.
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House.
@BarackObama is so inept that I think he simply  made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad.
We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now.
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences.
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask!
Why did @BarackObama and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.
America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People.
China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership it can be stopped.
@BarackObama inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion.
We have spent over $1 Billion on the  Libya operation. What are we getting back?
We  spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil?
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
@BarackObama is sure a master delegator. He has sent @Joe_Biden to China. The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better.
@BarackObama’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. Not create any jobs. 2. Borrow more money from China. 
Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.
Mike Huckebee a great guy said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy.
Looking forward to the GOP  debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.
The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.
The S&P downgrade is a direct result of @BarackObama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show On the Record tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life!
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.
No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
The more you learn about the debt deal the worse it gets.
This is the best deal the Republicans could get?
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake.
We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.
If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses  -- "Watch the fine details in every deal" -- The Art of the Deal
"Never quit and always hit back" -- The Art of the Comeback
@Johnboehner  "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it."  --The Art of the Deal
@KarlRove's @CrossroadsGPS new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing?
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
"Know when to walk away from the table."   The Art of the Deal
The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.
Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
Ronald Kessler's new book "The Secrets of the FBI" is a great book that should be read by everyone.
"The Gang of Six" - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A.
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.
@johnboehner  @EricCantor  "You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods people will eventually catch on." - The Art of the Deal
So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?
The GOP doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of  their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.
Who will be the next @TheRealTeenUSA? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com  #TeenUSA
What is better advice- "The Art of the Deal" or "Rules for Radicals"? I know which one @BarackObama prefers.
US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
@macmiller "Donald Trump the Song" gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered?
@johnboehner "Much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation."  The Art of the Deal
@johnboehner Mr. Speaker bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote! Let's get the ball rolling.
@johnboehner Message for House GOP  "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." - The Art of the Deal.
If only @Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
THe Art of the Deal--"The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have." CUT CAP and BALANCE.
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
I was in San Jose CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20000 people. Huge!
Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC CBS NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success.
Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog....
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.
Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST FOX News
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers
I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in.
@shouldtrumprun Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com  Have you?
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.
I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday night—don’t miss it!
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory a Scottish Deerhound who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!
It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic.
THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's "World's Best Awards 2011" .....
Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice!
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3 and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC.
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy and he has my vote!  #EvanForSI
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC.
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.
I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night 10 pm on NBC.
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget!
Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC.
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen Scotland
Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!
I am very happy to have the civilian version of "The Apprentice" back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity.
I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!
I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win!
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!  A great job by everyone.
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest!  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip
Check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?
Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo Orianthi John Legend and The Roots.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host live from Las Vegas
I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete who raised $700000 on Celebrity Apprentice
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!
Due to popular demand CNN will re-broadcast  the Larry King Live show I hosted in June in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5 9 pm CNN
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for "The Ultimate Merger" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ...
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
Tonight I trade places with Larry King @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.  I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
The Dunes here are amazing and  they're how I learned about geomorphology which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea the sand dunes the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place visiting over 200 sites and this is absolutely the right place!
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
Congratulations to Bret Michaels the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in!
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice to jewlery to free tickets and more..
Put  this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
Congratulations to our new Miss USA  the beautiful Rima Fakih.  Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant Sunday May 16 on NBC 7 p.m. ET hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas.
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant Sunday May 16 on NBC 7 p.m. ET  hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla.
On Sunday Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'
"Before Kids Can Go Places They Need a Place To Go" -- the motto of The Police Athletic League an organization I'm  very proud to support
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
The premiere of "Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.ET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure!
Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans Dressed to Kilt 2010 which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery.
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2..
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThurs